Rendition. Her rendition of the song was excellent. 
Drift. The driftwood could have been drifting in the ocean currents for months or even years. 
Haven. Mains, abundant forests and rivers have made it a haven for many kinds of wildlife. 
Slogan. For all human beings is the slogan of this event. 
Affinity there is an affinity between the cultures of the two countries. 
Stun they were stunned by the view from the summit. 
Comparative. Bill is a comparative stranger in the town as he just moved here. 
Fulfill he has fulfilled his graduation requirements. 
Paste the children were busy cutting and pasting paper hats. 
Ally. The allies in World War Two contain Britain, France, America, China and so on. 
Scandal. The Watergate scandal is known nationwide in the 1970s. 
Inactivate. Glycoproteins in plant cell walls may inactivate enzymes that degrade cell walls
explode. How a star becomes unstable and explodes as a supernova is not known. 
Utility. His utility bills are low. 
Filter. Spring water is clean since it has been filtered through permeable rocks. 
Receptive. Peter is a receptive person who learns much faster than any other student in his class. 
Donate. A local business has donated these do not litter signs to the club. 
Riddle. Mary knows the answer to the Riddle, but she doesn't tell. 
Schematic. The play has a very schematic plot. 
Pottery. The chief handicrafts of this country are pottery and wood carving. 
Acquit. The court acquitted the old man of the charge of shoplifting. 
Discount she could stay at a hotel at a discount. 
Semiotics. He made a wide audience aware of semiotics by various publications. 
Edible. Codfish is a kind of edible fish that lives in cold water. 
Subscribe my mother is used to subscribing to the morning newspaper every year. 
Verbalize the woman was very excited and difficult to verbalize her thanks. 
Align. Two rows of trees aligned with each side of the main road will drop leaves every autumn. 
Purchase he's very pleased with his purchase. 
Syntactic. A syntactic theory that sheds light on human linguistic abilities ought to explain why such patterns do not occur in human languages. 
Verbiage. Tom is tired of Tim's verbiage. 
Drag. I managed to drag myself out of bed. 
Absolve. The king absolved the young man of his disrespect to the Kingdom. 
Sensational the sensational news attracted the mayor's attention. 
Paucity. When it came to undertake analysis in adulthood, the pacity of these early memories caused his therapist to wonder whether some painful memories were being repressed. 
Geology. I'm really looking forward to this trip with our geology class. 
Alledge the detective alleged the murderer was still at large. 
Rhyme a poem usually rhymes. 
Given. A few birds are awake at any given moment to give the alarm. 
Sedentary. These incursions disrupted the old European sedentary farming lifestyle that had existed for 3000 years. 
Periodical. The young lady published articles on two different periodicals. 
endow. Nature endowed Jane with a pleasant smile. 
Adversary having a qualified adversary is a happy thing. To make a progress. 
Offspring. How many offspring does a tiger usually have? 
Suburb. The growth of suburbs was facilitated by the development of zoning laws and numerous innovations in transport. 
Evaporation. Evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle. 
Bony the three toed sloth has hook like claws at the ends of its long, Bony arms. 
Polar the polar bear, is found in the Arctic Circle and adjacent land masses. 
Compose. She began to compose original paintings at an early age. 
Debate. The two parties are debating politics on the radio. 
Integrate. She integrated dance and plot. Similarly. 
Simile is not equal to metaphor. 
Comparable. The Potters replaced the imports with comparable domestic goods. 
Decent. What I'd like to do is to find a decent job. 
Rug. The rug tones in well with the wallpaper and furniture. 
Complacence despite signs of an improvement in the economy, there is no room for complaisance. 
Unbridgeable because of the deep and unbridgeable differences between the two countries in terms of their political values. Conceptions of international order and geopolitical interests, constant frictions, even minor conflicts should be the rule. 
Extol the little boy, was extolled as a genius. 
Quote. The author quotes public opinion to support the argument for farming plankton. 
Immigrant. Looking after the house and family was familiar to immigrant women. 
Asteroid. Many asteroids have been placed in groups and families based on their orbital characteristics. 
Haste. In my haste I forgot my books. 
Suitcase leather also became a popular material for suitcases. 
Acumen. The public were much impressed by the political acumen of the president. 
Translation the book loses something in translation. 
Meantime. That will be fine, and in the meantime you should try to take it easy. 
Senate. Senate membership can be determined either through elections or appointments. 
Chance. There was no chance that he will change his mind. 
Overseas the product is sold both at home and overseas. 
Indispensable. Surveys sometimes are indispensable sources of information. 
Proceed. As one proceeds toward the southeast, broadleaf vegetation becomes dominant. 
Alien. Many movies have been made about aliens coming to Earth. 
envision. It wasn't until the 1920s that some one envisioned mass appeal for radio. 
Proper. The biologists did not have the proper equipment or the skill to handle the eggs. 
Sewage. The city needs a new sewage disposal system. 
Residue the water can be drawn off and evaporated, leaving a residue of clay. 
Analysis. They conducted a computer analysis of photographs. 
Relative. She has produced a surprising amount of fictions in a relative short time. 
Maximum. The maximum speed of this car is 150 mph. 
Poster. Many people also collect and sell posters and some famous posters have become quite valuable. 
Fascinate. He is so fascinated by meteorology. 
Stereo. He wonders what kind of stereo equipment the woman has. 
Gin. I'd like a gin. 
Confederacy. She may have exerted even more influence on the Confederacy than he did. 
Desolate at the South Pole lies Antarctica, the coldest and most desolate region on Earth. 
Conservative at a conservative estimate, the visit to Paris for five days will cost about £2000. 
Evoke. The purpose of a poem need not to be informed. The reader of anything, but rather to evoke feelings. 
Receptor the liver is the receptor of dietary fat. 
ability? You will be given the ability to recognize your own apprehension to analyze and to draw a conclusion. 
Brass brass has a muted yellow color which is somewhat similar to gold. 
Vestige. There's not a vestige of truth in the rumor. 
Gymnasium. In December of 2001 the gymnasium was closed to begin a $30 million renovation. 
Maize maize is the most widely grown crop in a number of countries. 
Magnesium 
disposal environmentalists think recycling should be promoted as the best answer to waste disposal. 

