chill a small fire was burning to take the chill off the room. 
Sweeping the arts and crafts movement in the United States was responsible for sweeping changes in attitudes towards the decorative arts. 
Moist. More unmanned moist air from the Pacific Ocean is forced upward as it crosses the Sierra Nevada. 
Henceforth. In 1926, he announced that henceforth his factories would close for the entire day on Saturday. 
Advent. With the advent of power driven machinery, home industry began to give way to production in mills and factories. 
Foreshorten to get the perspective you want, you need to foreshorten the objects. 
Internal. There are two categories of reasons, internal factors and external factors. 
Yogurt. Yogurt is a rich source of calcium, a mineral that contributes to: health and decreases the risk of colon cancer. 
Remodel. The Philadelphia Museum of Art was remodeled. 
Infrared the quartz crystals energy is turned into infrared radiation. 
Spiny starfish are not really fish, and they belong to the family of Akina Durhams, which are spiny skinned sea animals. 
Haul Farm women had to haul large quantities of water into the house from Wells. 
Noticeable red lettering on signs is much more noticeable than blue. 
Discompose. The Earth's surface is basically rock, and it is this rock that gradually decomposes into clay. 
Improve. Coffee in this restaurant is really improved. They must have changed suppliers. 
Minute. The snowfall consists of myriads of minute ice crystals that fall to the ground. 
Deprive plant stems die when deprived of water. 
Orchestra. The 20th century orchestra was far more flexible than its predecessors. 
Arduous. The tasks of the coming year of the Market Department are very arduous. 
Transaction. There has been a sharp decrease in commercial transactions between companies since the financial crisis. 
ephemeral. Often happiness is described as being ephemeral. 
Superintendent. At the time of the revolution, the Superintendent of Indian Affairs had little power. 
Brush I really need to brush up on my math. 
Incredible. He must get an incredible phone bill every month. 
Encompass. The term Art Deco has come to encompass 3 distinct but related design trends of the 1920s and 1930s. 
Section. Our library has a reserve section of fine books. 
Faucet did you fix the leaky faucet? 
Gradient. Steep gradients limit the size of load that a locomotive can haul, including the weight of the locomotive itself. 
Absorption. Bosses really appreciate Jim's complete absorption in his work. 
Chimpanzee in some chimpanzee communities. The young females may inherit high status from a high ranking mother. 
Temporary. She must have been a temporary worker. 
Aggression. Within this colony there is little aggression among ants from different nests. 
Project. The unemployment rate has been projected to fall. 
Satire the movie is a stinging satire on the middle class. 
Chagrin the man feels chagrin at being fired. 
Batch. They deliver the goods in batches. 
Gravel. You don't need to grovel to the bank manager for a loan. 
Ambient. Margaret was bathing with the ambient music. 
Duplicate. The form has to be handed in in duplicate. 
Transcendent. Joe is a pianist of transcendent genius in his town. 
Harmonious the government is trying to commit itself to build a harmonious community. 
Prostitution poverty and miserable destiny drove some young girls to prostitution. 
Impenetrable. You can't drive there because of the impenetrable fog outside. 
Verge father was on the verge of sleeping because he had worked for three days. 
Kinship. Kinship is one of the most basic principles for organizing individuals into social groups. 
Groove. The coach was stuck in a groove, so the team couldn't make progress. 
Epitome. Every family is the epitome of the whole society. 
Illusory. A big mirror in the room gives people an illusory sense of more space. 
Anomie. When a social system is in a state of enemy, common values are no longer understood or accepted and new values have not developed. 
Negligible. Bob has learned Japanese only for two weeks, so it was negligible. 
Emmigrate it is popular for Chinese movie stars to emigrate to Western countries. 
Slick. Jimmy always has a slick excuse for being late. 
Prelude the first strike was just a prelude of the Revolution. 
immerse please immerse the vegetables in water for three minutes before washing them. 
Cluster. The plant bears its flowers in clusters. 
Barber I remembered asking the Barber not to cut my son's hair too short. 
Ruin. A little rain never ruined a good picnic. 
Auxiliary the factories in the region always have an auxiliary generator in event of power cuts. 
Distress two in distress, makes sorrow less. 
Pole. Their opinions were at opposite poles of the debate. 
Vicinity. It's concluded that Pierre and his companions did in fact reach the near vicinity of the North Pole on April 6th, 1909. 
Metallic. The engineers are creating exotic new metallic substances. 
Term. If you compare the Earth and the moon in terms of substance, you will find the moon isn't much like the Earth. 
Chief. The chief reason why he couldn't come is that he is ill. 
Exaggerate. I tend to discount anything that Sally says she exaggerates so much. 
Hinder the government shouldn't create regulations that might hinder business growth. 
Shatter. This is why glass shatters so easily. 
Instruction. The students must follow the instructions exactly. 
Prehistoric archaeology has long been an accepted tool for studying prehistoric cultures. 
Address. Dean Williams was invited by the college president to address the faculty. 
Ripen the fruit turns from green to yellow to red as it ripens. 
Infectious colds are infectious, and so are some eye diseases. 
Garbage. We are going to be clearing up all of the garbage here at the lake area. 
Bundle Mary gave a bundle of clothes to charity. 
Forerunner. William Blake is regarded as the forerunner of Romanticism in English literature. 
Provision. Standard music notation makes no provision for these innovations. 
Meaningful. Learning to communicate with people from other countries was the most meaningful experience I had in London. 
Accompany. She will accompany the man to the restaurant. 
Linen fine handmade lace is traditionally made of linen thread. 
Quartz not all varieties of quartz are naturally occurring. 
Uppermost small mammals suffer hardship in the exposed and turbulent environment of the uppermost trees. 
Defense. Strengthening National Defence is a strategic task in the country's modernization. Dr and a key guarantee for safeguarding the country's security and unity. 
Sacred cows are sacred to Hindus. 
Extent. These innovations in manufacturing boosted output and living standards to an unprecedented extent. 
Classify. We have difficulty in classifying all of the varieties of owls. 
Realistic. After reading the fiction, you'll get a realistic picture of the hard life people had on the American frontier. 
Sense. Bees used their sense of smell to recognize whether another bee is related to them. 
Obstacle. Shortage of materials posed the biggest obstacle to the development of military forts. 
Whereby there should be a compensation arrangement whereby workers cooperate. 
