File: 05xkw-xj77x.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 41 initiate. Those organizations initiated a rescue program. Atonomy autonomy is the inviolable right possessed by a country. Contemporary. Her style is imitative of other contemporary authors. Wagon. Wagons are pulled by animals such as horses, mules or oxen, and are used for transporting goods, agricultural materials, or sometimes people. Profile the girl didn't catch the princess's face, but his handsome profile. Adjust the basic idea is that insect pests cannot adjust to temperatures much above normal. Obituary the Chairman wrote an obituary on the blackboard of the community. Lesson. The pain on Jackie's leg was lessening and he could walk carefully step by step. Bilateral. These two countries are planning to sign the bilateral agreement. Racism. In certain areas of America, racism still exists. Smirk. The way Mr. White smirks makes me nervous. Client. It's not a good thing for children to be too pliant. Trample. Don't trample on the lawn. It's what we can do and should do. Fraudulent. Fraudulent advertisements are increasing, so celebrities are more cautious when being spokespersons. Zigzag the driver should pay extra attention to the zigzagging roads. Deploy. The meeting aims to deploy the works in the coming year. Memorize. To memorize the lines is the basic request for an actor. Stereotype. Our boss is not a stereotype of the strict, careful and smile bless man. Invert. If you invert a full glass of water sealed with paper, the water will not leak. Obscene. The boys wandering about the back street often speak some obscene language. Paradox. It's a paradox that he wants to get a higher score, but doesn't want to study harder. What shaped? There are pointed square and wedge shaped bridge supports. Symantec. The semantic meaning of this sentence is not simple. Preach. The President preached against racism, sexism and violence. Readability. Readability is an important factor of history books, but that students interests of them are also important. Moderate. Flies breed prolifically when temperatures are warm, food is abundant and humidity is moderate. Poverty. These riders often focused on economic hardship, studying people, struggling with poverty. Sanitation. Inadequate sanitation is a major cause of disease, and improving sanitation is known to have a significant impact on health, both in households and across communities. Tantalizing it was really a tantalizing night together with my classmates in the resort. Minor. Typing the essay is only a minor problem for me. Coupon I've got a coupon for half off dinner at that new restaurant down the street. Bass. For most social insects, membership in a colony is based on how closely related they are genetically. Synchronize. The titles in a movie should synchronize with the action. Extravagant residents were warned not to be extravagant with water in view of the low rainfall this year. Cafeteria at one time, upscale cafeteria style restaurants dominated the culture of the southern United States. Powder. A wide range of cleaning fluids and powders is available. Devote. They could devote themselves entirely to prose literature. Monopoly. A good education should not be the monopoly of the rich. Opponent. Our football teams opponents won the game. Idyllic they lead an idyllic existence in the countryside. Constituent. Vitamins became recognized as essential food constituents necessary for health. Epitomize the novel seems to epitomize the 1960s. Genesis. Like many fundamental problems in science, the genesis of earthquakes is controversial. Indifference. What they feared most was indifference. Convex. Convex mirrors reflect light outwards, therefore they are not used to focus light. Distinctive. American Elms have distinctive dark green leaves that look lopsided. Enlightenment. The Enlightenment was not a single movement or school of thought. For these philosophies were often mutually contradictory or divergent. Rustic. The rustic floor is quite dirty. Facial. Fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise are universally reflected in facial expressions. Medium a man of medium height robbed me of my wallet. Drain. Water is let in or drained out until it reaches approximately the same level as the water ahead. Poetic. The poetic output of this famous poet is over 200. Require. The condition requires urgent treatment. Diplomatic. Betty really lost her temper at that meeting. She has to learn to be a lot more diplomatic than that. Oral. He was interested in oral history. Lament. In many oral traditions, both early and modern lament has been a genre usually performed by women. Braid the General's uniform was trimmed with gold braid. Daisy she looked as fresh as a Daisy after her short sleep. Epic. What they demonstrated was that oral epics tend to be constructed in short episodes. Catalog. Some libraries have eliminated their card catalogue in favor of the OPEC for the purpose of saving space for other use. Muscle. He is an intelligent player but lacks the muscle of older competitors. Ooze. The resin oozes out of the tree and the spider or leaf gets encased in it. Individual. How do individual ants adapt to specialized tasks? With stand. A desert animal can withstand high body temperatures. Apartment. For apartment landlords, each vacancy represents a loss of income. Porous some bones are not porous enough to be effectively grafted. Relevant. He doesn't have relevant resource material. Elaborate. They developed elaborate ceremonies and religious rituals to bring rain. Through the broadcast can be heard by wireless operators on ships with a radio through several 100 miles. Vacancy. The Cliffside Inn is not so near the campus, but it always has a few vacancies. Establish. She helped establish peace between her tribe and the colonists. Platitude my advisors. Hollow platitudes aren't very helpful. Dimensional. One distinctive feature of Moore's sculpture is his use of holes or openings to emphasize that he is indeed working in a 3 dimensional medium. Crazy. I know it sounds crazy, but it just might work. Illegible the letter on the monument was seriously worn and illegible. Sidebar. Drowsy the stuff the nurse gave me seemed to have helped, but it was making me awfully drowsy. Rich we drove up a hillside and finally stopped on a high Ridge. Bonanza. The movie proved to be a bonanza for its lucky backers. Alike. Good management benefits. Employers and employees alike. Pedagogy. However, during the second half of the 20th century, social pedagogy became increasingly associated with social work and notions of social education in a number of European countries. Material. She had to collect material for her latest movie. Dot. The fantastic island dotted with tropical plants, attracts 10s of thousands of tourists abroad every year. Notorious the short story showed what was kind and what was evil through the contrast between two brothers, one famous and one notorious. Habitat. One reason why the number of amphibians is declining is that their habitats have been destroyed. 2. I'll chew your proposal over for a few days and then let you know my answer. Educated. Gifford, a highly educated man who suffered from inward struggle, died of depression at last. Accuse I accused John of hitting my dog. Reckless. The young girl has always been reckless with money. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

