File: oeb9s-8r3ay.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word List 4. Expertise. The company provided professional expertise to help you run your own business. Blend their music blends, traditional and modern styles. Fungus. The doctors still need to do much research on the basics of the disease, including research on transmission of the fungus, exactly how the fungus interacts with the bats immune systems. Elasticity. This kind of material eventually lost its elasticity. Moisture. This moisture is supplied by the passage of an air stream over a water surface. Gravity. There is more gravity on Mars than on the moon. Stout. He put up a stout defence in court. Ascent. The manager gave his assent to the new project. Bizarre. Watching the horror film alone is quite bizarre. Conceit. The young man was told to guard against conceit. Husbandry the professor has an interesting theory about crop husbandry. Abysmal. The boy took many courses to remedy his abysmal ignorance. Scorn. She uses silence as her expression of scorn. Tranquil. My dream is to be with my family and lead a simple and tranquil life. Swoop she even thought she might settle all the problems in a single swoop. Punch. He punched me on the nose and my nose started to bleed. Mingle. It is not easy for Tina to mingle at the party because she is very shy. Interim. I will go to visit London in the interim of Christmas. Laudable. Though their aims were laudable, they may have missed the larger point. Incur. Smoking could incur a great danger to health. Pretext. She used her being sick as a pretext for not going to work. Replica. This painting is not the authentic one, but a replica made by a young artist. Siege. After the news got exposed, dozens of journalists laid siege to his apartment. Lunge the dog lunged at the door suddenly. Basement. Wendy is in the basement trying to repair the washing machine. Crude even now many species still lay eggs in this sort of crude nest. Jibe. She made several cheap jibes at her opponent during the interview. Community. The advocates of community participation firmly believe that it brings many lasting benefits to people instead of only a means of getting things done. Spackle. The cooks apron was speckled with oil. Beaver Susan has been beavering away at her report all morning. Pollutant. These cars put no pollutants whatsoever into the atmosphere. Sardonic even though she didn't say anything, there was a sardonic expression on her face. Practical. There are some obvious practical applications of the research. Circular. He took a circular route to his office to avoid the traffic jam. Disappoint. Her latest novel disappointed her fans. Nomadic. Some hunters continued the old pastoral and nomadic ways. Soft. A soft breeze rustled the trees. Talent. Bonnie has a talent for expressing her ideas. Confer in the family traditional cultural patterns. Confer leadership on one or both of the parents. Incessantly. After his girlfriend left him, Tom asked himself incessantly, why does she leave me? Stadium the new national stadium was finally completed on the 10th of May. Budget. They should ask for an increase in the budget. Dominate. The states dominated economic activity during this. Intelligence. Scientists think dolphins have a higher intelligence than ordinary mammals. Ultimatum. If George misses one more meeting, we'd better give him an ultimatum. Personality. A number of factors related to the voice reveal the personality of the speaker. Decrease. He thinks clothing prices will decrease even further. Mill you. His most recent novel goes even farther away from the milieu of his early work, tracing the politically charged homosexual romance between an upper class writer and a working class communist. Satyric he published a satiric novel to provide an updated account of the politicians life. Alchemist. Untamed. Robert S Duncanson was considered a painter of the Hudson River School, which concentrated on scenes of America's untamed wilderness. Diffusion. A series of reaction diffusion system is involved in the new equipment. Stream approximately 23 million immigrants streamed to the United States. Clipper I am looking for a pair of hair Clippers. Equivalent. American children's stories differed a lot from their British equivalents. Fray his woolen pants were sometimes fortified with buckskin to keep them from fraying. Prolific. The beds of former lakes are also prolific sources of fossils. Revolution. A revolution in information technology is taking place. Crab. A crab nipped his toe. Inhabit. The archaeological evidence indicates that Native Americans first inhabited the area. Tissue. Tissue engineering is a multidisciplinary field incorporating the principles of biology, chemistry, engineering and medicine to create biological substitutes of native tissues for scientific research or clinical use. Proceed. The idea of sea floor spreading actually preceded the theory of plate tectonics. Mushroom we expect the market to mushroom in the next three years. Listless. The illness left her feeling listless and depressed. Stretch. The whole 150 mile stretch is influenced by tides from the Atlantic Ocean. Recharge swimming is a best way to relieve stress and recharge yourself. Groom mother chimpanzees care for and groom their young. Dim this light is too dim to read by. Quantify. Scientists have tried to quantify this proportion of the sun's energy. Equitable. It may be the most equitable solution to the international issue. Appreciate. She learned to appreciate the sculptures. Neuron? Neurons come in many different shapes and sizes. Glare. The glare was so intense, even my sunglasses didn't help. Marsh cows were grazing on the marsh. Foul. The teachers were all shocked by the boys foul language and behavior. Eclipse. The desperate plight of the South has eclipsed the fact that Reconstruction had to be undertaken also in the north. Incentive. There was incentive for American Potters to replace the imports with comparable domestic goods. Command. Who issued the command to fire? Puncture the tire. Punctured a mile from home. Corrosive. Chlorine is a corrosive gas that has a sharp odor. Picky. The bees are picky about who comes to their family reunion. Raven. The girl sitting beside me has Raven hair. Durable. Beads were probably the first durable ornaments humans possessed. Approve. The advisor had already approved the man's class schedule. Jot I have jotted down your telephone number. Prudent. This was a colossal sum for those days, but one that a prudent government could pay. Ratify. The treaty was ratified by all the Member States. Athlete the seminar is recommended for coaches and or athletes who already have a good working knowledge of hybrid training. Ideology. Gradually, economic reality overcame ideology. Spur I phoned him up on the spur of the moment. Vice cigarettes are my only vice. Oyster the girl is as dumb as an oyster. Debatable. It's debatable whether or not the policies have changed the messed up situation. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

