Account. The three main television networks in the United States account for more advertising dollars than any other medium. 
Cease. It ceased snowing. 
Turkey. Her latest novel is a real Turkey. 
Impulse. Fish also use such ability to produce and detect electrical impulses to communicate. 
Normally. It normally takes me half an hour to get there by bike. 
Property. Silver's most distinguishing property is its electrical conductivity. 
Absolute. Beauty cannot be measured by any absolute standard. 
Switch. Thy couldn't make myself switch off the TV. 
Intelligent. He didn't realize how intelligent Mary really was. 
Depart. Some musicians consciously depart from strict meter to create a relaxed sense of phrasing that also emphasizes the underlying rhythms. 
Expand. The new university greatly expanded in size and course offerings, breaking completely out of the old. 
Rite In this area there are certain things one should not do in everyday life because they are linked to funeral rites. 
Curriculum. French is in the curriculum. 
Manifest. The contradiction manifested itself in the employment situation. 
Strategic. The bridge is one of the most strategic card games. 
Inject snakes frequently subdue their prey without injecting poison. 
Puzzle. For a while the zookeepers were puzzled by the accident, but they finally discovered what happened. 
Stick. Stick a message in a bottle and throw it in the sea. 
Primordial. It must be some primordial impulse that drives me to play electric keyboard instruments. 
Raft. Traditional rafts are usually constructed of wood or reeds. 
Periodic. This periodic extinction might be due to intersection of the Earth's orbit with a cloud of comets. 
Sledding. This bill faces tough sledding in the legislature. 
Comprehensive. Our customers are supplied with a comprehensive range of services. 
Forage. Many ants forage across the countryside in large numbers. 
Forward. We will be forwarding you our new catalogue next Monday. 
Technical. I have to admit the word ethnography scared me a little at first. It seems so technical. 
Hook. She hooks the computer up to the printer. 
Random. The effect of gravity at high altitude is random.
 Lounge. Several students were lounging around reading newspapers. 
Flora plants are grouped into floras based on region. Special environment or climate. 
Staggered. I was staggered at the foreigner's knowledge of Chinese literature. 
Pine. He was pining for the mountains of his motherland. 
Naval. England emerged as a major naval power in the mid 17th century. 
Avoid. You should listen to radio reports to avoid traffic jams. 
Biography. Biography began to flower thanks to new publishing technologies and an expanding reading public. 
Elm the hedgerows were planted with Elm. 
Implicit. The doctor gave an implicit answer. 
Hardly. It was hardly worth the price of admission. 
Centigrade This substance has relatively high ignition temperature of 180 degrees centigrade. 
Barbecue. He put another stake on the barbecue. 
Element. Customer relations is an important element of the job. 
Sensory. In Europe, interest in sensory science has grown and will continue to play an essential role in understanding the European consumers perception of food quality. 
Yarn the little boy spun yarns about his time on the Greek island of Kos. 
Analogy. The teacher made an analogy between the lens of a camera and the lens of an eye. 
Convenience. For me the convenience of having a laundromat so close to where I live is worth the extra dollar. 
Publication. When she was 80 years old, some 25 volumes were awaiting publication. 
Compulsory. These subjects are compulsory in our department. 
Pointed. Some of the comments he heard were pointed, especially concerning problems of inner cities. 
Spread. The fire rapidly spread to adjoining buildings. 
Assemble when a nest intruder is too large for one individual to handle, nest mates can be quickly assembled by alarm signals. 
Clone. A team from the UK were the first to successfully clone an animal. 
discourse we listen to the president's discourse on the importance of education. 
Aquifer. An aquifer is an underground layer of rock or sediment that has pores or holes in it. 
Reverse. The government has failed to reverse the economic decline. 
Conversion. The conversion of steam powered engines into battery powered ones can improve energy efficiency. 
Summary in summary, this was a disappointing performance. 
Carbon. All forms of carbon are highly stable, requiring high temperature to react even with oxygen. 
Petroleum. Petroleum is also the raw material for many chemical products. 
Accessory. He was charged with being an accessory to murder. 
Planet. The planets discoverers were optimistic about the prospects for finding life there. 
Appreciation. European ladies once showed great appreciation of hats decorated with ostrich feathers. 
Elongate the singer's face is too elongated in the photos. 
Oblivious. The lad standing beside the mast seems oblivious to the spray of the bow waves. 
Therefore. The transplanted bone may not be compatible with the patient's body and therefore runs the risk of rejection. 
Imagist the imagist movement in poetry arose during the second decade of the 20th century. 
Path. He threw himself into the path of an oncoming vehicle. 
Yoke. Before the Civil War, slaves were under the yoke of their masters. 
Abridge. A book publisher May alter or abridge the author's work with the permission of the writer. 
Collaborate. I hope your department could collaborate with me on the new project. 
Adept. Jack was adept at horse riding and enjoyed other outdoor activities. 
Controversial. Organ transplant is still a controversial issue in many countries. 
Agenda. Controlling the price hike is now on the agenda of the government. 
Latitude. Each Aurora hangs like a curtain of light stretching over the polar regions and into the higher latitudes. 
Appraise before you decide to buy the house. You should find an expert to appraise it. 
Session. The committee met in closed session. 
Hail telecommuting has been hailed as a solution to all kinds of problems related to office work. 
Aptitude. Ted has an aptitude for languages for he can speak six languages. 
Trifle. Do not trifle away your time on such meaningless things. 
Dismiss. This is the second time John was dismissed. 
Archive. This letter has been found accidentally in the archive. 
Browse customers are welcome to browse our website and come to our store. 
Collaborative Sue will be assigned to a group of five for collaborative work. 
Defer. Many women defer children bearing in response to career development. 
Prefer. I almost always prefer fresh air if possible. 
Comprehensible the theory is comprehensible only to scientists. 
Diligent. Mary is the most intelligent and diligent student in her class. 
Enlighten I suggest you choose the courses that will enlighten you. 
Frenzy. Adams lamented the role that the new frenzy for business was playing in eroding traditional values. 
Remarkable. The newer ones experienced remarkable growth which reflected basic changes in the economy. 
Dispatch the post office will dispatch these letters tomorrow. 
 
