Word list 14. 
Mariad a snowfall consists of myriads of minute ice crystals. 
Apportionment the apportionment of seats in the House of Representatives is based on the population of each state. 
Increment it is estimated that the annual increment will be achieved by 20% in the following years. 
Stiffen. The threat of punishment has only stiffened their resolve. 
Protrude he hung his coat on a nail protruding from the wall. 
Audition you won't need a text for the audition. 
Sexism. Her works focus on the subjects of sexism and racism. 
Attentive. This is the last French class this year, so I want to be attentive to what the teacher says. 
Graze. There is a vast land suitable for livestock to wander and graze on. 
Transient. Motels mainly cater to tourists and other transient guests. 
Anguish? The injured soldier cried in anguish until the doctor gave him an anesthetic. 
Emancipate this new machine will emancipate workers from doing all the work by hand. They used to do. 
Squander. Don't squander your time and money in reading those science fictions. 
Implore we implore the international community to interfere in this incident. 
Sage. I am extremely grateful for your sage advice. 
Ambiguous. When you write your essay, please use precise language and avoid ambiguous words. 
Quell. It doesn't quell my remorse. I shouldn't have told her about that. 
Vocalize showing kids pictures can help them to vocalize their ideas. 
Corollary. Good health is a corollary of having healthy diets and regular exercises. 
Vulgar. The speaker attracted audiences by telling vulgar jokes. 
Swirl the movie shows that the hurricane begins to swirl in a clockwise motion. 
Crime. The study compares the crime rate in 20 districts established after 2000. With that in recent two years. 
Warp the window frames had begun to warp. 
Swear. He swore revenge on the man who had killed his wife. 
Typical. Hard work was so typical of immigrants and pioneers who settled the American Midwest. 
Confirm. They confirmed earlier theories about the moon's surface. 
Descent. We watched the airplanes graceful descent. 
Gallop she came galloping down the street. 
Erosion. Your professor has asked me to talk to you today about the topic that should be of real concern to civil engineers. The erosion of the US beaches. 
Scuba. Scuba diving has become one of the greatest recreational sports all around the world. 
Pertain. Almanacs provided the perfect steady cellar because their information pertains to the locale in which they would be used. 
Bandana she uses her bandana to keep the hair out of her eyes. 
Technological. The country has made a major technological breakthrough in Cancer Research. 
Chant. We've been studying Zulu chants of South Africa. 
Firm. Children with parents whose guidance is firm, consistent, and rational are inclined to possess high levels of self confidence. 
Overview Let me give you just an overview of Plato's ethical theory. 
Calculate. They calculated the length of triangle sides. 
Experimental. The experimental course which I registered for yesterday is child psychology. 
Shift. Builders of tunnels was beginning to shift from Europe to the United States. 
Gland examples of exocrine glands are the tear glands and the sweat glands. 
Landmark. You should really keep the map with you for the first couple of weeks, at least until you become familiar with the buildings and landmarks. 
Season the hotels are always full during the peak season. 
Areboreal. Plant ants, like most other arboreal ants, protect their host plants from defoliators. 
Topography. The parks should be adapted to the local topography. 
Proposal scientists have put forward a proposal to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases since the 1980s. 
Genial. His genial character and good natured way of explaining things made him a favorite in the school. 
Represent. The picture below represents the addition of the red, green and blue light. 
Apparent. They noticed an apparent change in the position of the North Star. 
Effective. He has now taken effective control of the country. 
Summarize. The authors, as a rule, summarized their views at the beginning of each passage. 
Aquatic most aquatic animals breathe by means of gills.
Verify. While a person could describe his thoughts, no one else can see or hear them to verify the accuracy of his report. 
Notch. The quality of the food in this restaurant has dropped a notch recently. 
Vulnerable. Amphibians are especially vulnerable to pesticides dissolved in the water. 
Intentionally. She would never intentionally hurt anyone. 
Admiration. I have great admiration for the writer. 
Eviscerate. The censors eviscerated the book to make it inoffensive to the leaders of the party. 
Plunge. With the continued rise in sea level, more ice would plunge into the ocean. 
Roost curses come home to roost. 
Wayne not only had household production waned, but technological improvements were rapidly changing. The rest of domestic work. 
Nutrient. The soil loses its nutrients, so it needs to be fertilized. 
Motor. Both motor and sensory functions are affected. 
Ribbon. I went through a whole box of paper and a printer ribbon just trying to get my resume right. 
Insist. She insisted on her innocence. 
Basic. Drums are basic to African music. 
Glossy the glossy magazine has lots of pictures of fashionable clothes. 
Separate. Horse powered threshing machines to separate the seeds from the plants were already in general use. 
Reception. We arranged to meet in reception at 6. 
Hygiene. In the interests of hygiene, please wash your hands. 
Metabolic. Sea cucumbers have the capacity to become quiescent and live at a low metabolic rate. 
Cashier. The petrol station cashier was threatened by the armed robbers at midnight. 
Definitive the definitive version of the text will be published. 
Furnish perhaps the Dean's office can furnish the report. 
Librarian her mother is the librarian of our school library. 
Prototype. The water of the early oceans must thus have become the chemical prototype for the fluids of all animal life. 
Wipe. She wiped her hands on a clean towel. 
Allude. Some people say that the movie may allude to racism. 
Challenge. The role will be the biggest challenge of his acting career. 
Frank to be frank with you, I think you have little chance of passing the exam. 
Sweep the students in the laboratory helped sweep up the glass. 
Back up. The police had back up from the army. 

