Depot. The building was used as an arms depot. 
Romantic. Keats is one of the greatest romantic poets. 
Tycoon for every crooked tycoon there are thousands of ordinary citizens living on fixed incomes. 
Justice. Martin Luther King Junior's magnificent speaking ability enabled him to effectively express the demands for social justice for black Americans. 
Panel. The walls were made of plaster or wood, sometimes elaborately paneled. 
Guilty. You are washing your car, even on vacation. It makes me feel guilty. 
Decipher ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic script was finally deciphered. 
Cushion the carpet. Cushioned the fall of the vase. 
Microorganism. Some types of microorganisms have adapted to the extreme conditions. 
Awful. I feel awful. I think I'm coming down with that flu. 
Surgery. As a rule, doctors hold surgeries between 9:00 and 11:30 every day. 
Impact. How did the agricultural societies impact people's family relationships? 
Crustacean? Every year more than 1,000,000 tons of crustaceans are produced by fisheries for human consumption in the country. 
Obtain. Desalinization of water is the best way to obtain drinking water. 
Respondent only 20% of the respondents agreed with the suggestion. 
Particular. Each person is responsible for a particular part of the process. 
Newsprint newsprint is used in the printing of newspapers, Flyers and other printed materials intended for mass distribution. 
Gregarious man is a gregarious animal. 
Chaf she soon chafed at the restrictions of her situation. 
Lizard. Many lizards can detach their tails to escape from predators. 
Manner. It was the manner of expressing the satiric method that made them interesting and entertaining. 
Artifact. Artifacts are contrasted to natural objects. They are products of human actions. 
Crystal. Glass has an interlocking crystal network. 
Gravel. There is a gravel path from my home to school. 
String. Flags were strung out along the routes. 
Panorama there is a superb panorama of the mountains from the hotel. 
Unparalleled Chicago possesses an almost unparalleled situation in economy development. 
Suspend grain exchanges trading was suspended and farmers sold at prices fixed by the board. 
Afflict. Financial difficulties afflicted The Smiths. 
Stripe. This skirt has a red stripe around the edge. 
Clay because of these properties, clay is used for making pottery items. 
Comment. The teacher comments on his musical training at the Juilliard School. 
Scholarship his brother won a scholarship to study at Harvard. 
Patch. They have managed to patch up their differences. 
Restrict. The girl's parents were blamed for restricting her activities. 
Accurate. Most scientists believe the theory to be accurate. 
Comprise. The earth comprises 3 principle layers. 
Enzyme. Some enzymes are used commercially, for example, in the synthesis of antibiotics. 
sumptuous . We dined in sumptuous surroundings. 
Allegiance. Some chants showed peoples allegiance to religious leaders or symbols. 
Invasion. And invasion of the introduced species had threatened the development of agriculture. 
Cabinet. The China was displayed in a glass cabinet. 
Hover the criminal is hovering between life and death. 
Accuracy. Those companies rely on high accuracy scales to manufacture and package medicine. 
Expire. Ronald has to renew his passport because it has expired. 
Gasoline. When gasoline burns, nothing visible remains. 
Diminish. I don't mean to diminish Revere's role. 
Angular. The man has an angular face. 
Immense. Horsetail rushes in prehistoric times grew to immense sighs. 
Owl most owls are nocturnal. 
Percussion. The track features Joey Langton on percussion. 
Crooked. Don't take crooked ways to solve the problem. 
Stratum. People from all social strata attended this meeting. 
Instead. This casserole really tastes good. I guess that's because the vegetables in it are fresh instead of canned. 
Populate. The town is heavily populated by immigrants. 
Ambitious. According to the survey, many ambitious college students want to be their own boss after graduation. 
Sentimental. He kept the letters for sentimental reasons. 
Ultimate. Her discovery may help to answer some of our questions about the ultimate of the universe. 
Evergreen. In addition, the shelter provided by Evergreen plants can make it easier for younger Evergreen plants to survive cold and drought. 
Plumage. The bird's plumage has turned Gray over one night. 
Decadent due to arguments over the nature of morality. Whether a society is decadent or not is a matter of debate. 
Subspecies. Organisms that belong to different subspecies of the same species are capable of interbreeding. 
Hummingbird. Hummingbirds are capable of slowing down their metabolism at night or any other time. Food is not readily available. 
estate. The old woman left her estate to her granddaughter. 
Stylistic. The professor observes that in practice, most stylistic analysis has attempted to deal with the complex and valued language within literature. 
Declare. My flight was done with no exception of reward. She declared just purely for the love of accomplishment. 
Varnish. The main task of the painters was to varnish furniture. 
Wonder? I've been running a mile every afternoon for the past month, but I still haven't been able to lose more than a pound or two. I wonder if it's worth it. 
Justify. An important task for both of these presidents was to justify to their citizens why the war was necessary. 
Dissolve his calm response. Dissolved her anger. 
superficial. The book shows only a superficial understanding of the historical context. 
Peninsula. Though the Cold War ended 2 decades ago, people on the Korean Peninsula are still living in its shadow. 
Luxurious I wish I could own a luxurious sports car like this, but I can't afford it. 
Ornate this music fountain is famous for its ornate and unique design. 
plaudit. When the performance was over, all the performers got plaudits from the audience. 
Quiver. When I put the little bird in my palm, I can feel the quiver of it. 
Saunter many tourists saunter along the streets with shopping bags. 
Tackle the candidate claimed he would tackle the problem of climate change, an issue his rivals have neglected. 
Usher. We followed the usher down the aisle and found our seats. 
Vigor. Chinese traditional culture adds new vigor to the Olympic opening ceremony. 
Solitude. I can't believe that man in the news past 25 years in solitude. 
Whim. Lisa had a sudden whim to go shopping today. 
Apparatus. That passage covers all kinds of heating apparatus. 
Vogue. Jogging is in vogue all over the world. 
Brace you're a grown up and you must brace yourself and take the responsibility. 
censor. Some of the scenes were cut by the censor. 
Respire. To my surprise, some aquatic animals living under the water respire through their skins. 
Morphology. In this way, morphology is the branch of linguistics that studies patterns of word formation within and across languages. 
Adroit Jack is a quick learner and soon he becomes adroit at driving. 
Moss the little boy, was asleep on a pile of leaves and Moss when he was found. 
Perch the Greens, live in a remote small village which is perched at the foot of a mountain. 
Recipient. The recipients of the awards of the best leading actor and actress will be announced at the Film Festival. 
Fare. How are you faring with your project? 
Neon. Two quite different kinds of neon lighting are in common use. 
Minimize. Good hygiene helps to minimize the risk of infection. 
Permeate. Water will permeate blotting paper. 
Midterm next Friday. A week from today is the mid term exam marking the halfway point in the semester. 