File: nkgge-oi92p.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word list 37. Vanish. Some oyster beds have vanished entirely. Overwhelm extensive falls of volcanic ash and coarser particles. Overwhelm and bury all forms of life. Secoya most visitors come to the National Park only to see some sequoias. But these trees are found in a relatively small area. Prairie. The tall grass Prairie has been converted into one of the most intensive crop producing areas in North America. Canal. Canal building was revived in this age because of commercial expansion. Exact. To be exact, the assignments must be handed in on time by the end of next Monday. Retail. Retail merchants were not willing to sell goods at low prices. Hypothesis. Professor Brown's hypothesis was that whales ate polluted fish, and this caused their death. Selection. In other words, natural selection is an important process, though not the only process by which evolution takes place within a population of organisms. Tug a little girl tugged at my sleeve to get my attention. Overdue I have to take these magazines back to the library. They're overdue. Frustrate the rescue attempt. Was frustrated by bad weather. Outline. She hasn't prepared the course outline yet. Species only a few of the many species at risk of extinction actually make it to the lists and obtain legal protection like pandas. Negate. The new law negated the possibility of a reduction in taxes. Consequence. The extinction of a few species is a consequence of human progress. Overcome fortunately, scientific and technological advances have overcome most of these problems. Adjacent. Only in Pennsylvania and adjacent areas was stone widely used in dwellings. Gradual. They grow by the gradual transformation of snow into glacier ice. Puppet. The occupying forces set up a puppet government. Accounting. Management accounting is concerned primarily with providing a basis for making management or operating decisions. Roll. Icebergs may roll over unexpectedly. Irony. There was a hint of irony in her voice. Parasite. The tachinid fly is a parasite of harmful insects. Clumsy. Her clumsy fingers couldn't untie the knot. Were a session. What they are hoping to do is to come up with a coordinated plan to ease the recession, get their economies back on track, and put in place regulatory measures to try to prevent similar crises in the future. Inaccessible. In the West, only a small part of the region has been surveyed because most of the lands are inaccessible. Deduct. The tax will be deducted from your salary later. Philosophy. Her philosophy of life is to take it one day at a time. Reptile not until the beginning of the 19th century. Did it become clear that reptiles and in phibians are in fact quite different animals? Admit. I must admit that my performance was bad. Swamp. Slogging through a swamp in the rain is not funny. Germanate the idea of establishing her own enterprise started to germinate in her mind when she was just a college student. Procedure. You should follow the Graduate School application procedures. In case. Floating on the oceans every year are 7 quadrillion 659 trillion metric tons of ice and cased in 10,000 icebergs. Restoration. The common citizens in the country demand a restoration of the right to vote. Olfactory the poisonous gas damaged my olfactory nerves. Canvas. There will be a sail of the artist's early canvases this Sunday. Peak. When he realized nobody was listening to him, he left in a fit of peak. Downside. The downside of my part time job is that the company is too far away from my dorm. Locate her hotel is located far from the conference centre. Anecdote. There is a memoir of anecdotes of the family on the bookshelf. Turbulent. The weather patterns are so turbulent here. Sophisticated computer systems are becoming more sophisticated all the time. Draw. The plan has drawn a lot of criticism. Rejuvenate music can help rejuvenate or soothe the patient. Tentacle the tentacles. Drag this prey into the sea anemones mouth. Furious. He was furious with himself for letting things get so out of control. Annotation. The book will be published with annotations and the index. Rage. Forest fires were raging out of control. Fiery. After some drinking, my father's temper became fiery. Grouse the husband is grousing about his wife. Always chattering about tiny things. Afloat. The paper was afloat in the water without sinking like a stone. Scruple. Tina lent her boyfriend $1000 to help him out without any scruple. Brob a last minute goal robbed the team of victory. Dissimulate the little boy was dissimulating his sorrow of losing his mother. Aboriginal. This group of Aboriginal people used to live in the tribe. Expedient after hearing the story, the government resorted to various expedients to raise money. Superstitious some foreigners are superstitious about opening umbrellas in the room. Elapse. 10 years have elapsed since we graduated from college. Auspicious we are very happy to have an auspicious start to the new year. Plow. The ploughed fields had been sown with wheat. Categorize. The music albums are categorized in two Chinese, English and Japanese. Despondent? The whole team was so despondent because they didn't get the project. Espouse. Mary is the chairman of the group which espouses feminism. Conspicuous. A blonde girl in a Chinese school is very conspicuous. Hind the hind legs of the gerbil, are particularly well adapted to leaping across its desert habitat. Untapped. 3/4 of the Earth's fresh water supply are still tied up in glacial ice. A reservoir of untapped fresh water. Ambush the team was ambushing in the Bush. Exponent she was a leading exponent of free trade during her political career. Confusion. There is some confusion about what the exact definition of the theory should be. Resist. It resists breaking when heated. Moth. Moths frequently appear to circle artificial lights, although the reason for this behavior remains unknown. Shame. My failure has brought shame on my family. Biologist. Cantor at the age of 50 had a worldwide reputation as a cell biologist. Disaster. The Mandans protected themselves against the disaster of crop failure and accompanying hunger. Incessant I'm tired of his incessant complaining. Skull. In some animals, the skull also has a defensive function. Infant. Usually anything that is shiny has sharp contrasting colors or has complex patterns. Will catch an infants eye. Commune. The man spent much of this time communing with nature. Recline? If anyone is tired during the visit, he or she can recline on the lounge chair for tourists. Available. Evening where isn't available in those shops. Environmental. Let's talk about an environmental issue that has something to do with how common household products have changed. Table land. The table land was once a hive of volcanic activity. Erect. Many buildings in this style were erected nationwide through government programs during the depression. Illuminate the light, illuminates the scales of the fish at the bottom of the boat. Spheroid on closer examination, I saw it was really a spheroid. Fatigue. Metal fatigue is the tendency of metal to break under repeated stress. Climate. Economic globalization has become a trend in the current economic climate. Now this. Selina is a complete novice as a journalist. Recall. I seem to recall that the festival got started in the 1930s. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

