Wordlist 20 
episode. I missed the first episode of the new TV show, but I hope to watch a later one. 
Caribou. Although Caribou looked like deer, they are different from other members of their family in many ways. 
Prompt. Bob's dislike for hot weather prompted him to move north. 
Source. Historians use a wide range of primary and secondary sources for their research. 
Campaign. Mary shouldn't have campaigned against Steve. 
Musical. Ella is the perfect musical partner for her friend. 
Emphasize. The story emphasized the courage of a man made him a hero. 
Cater. Some web sites are popular among some young people because they cater to their low taste. 
Fuse. The resulting mass was further heated to fuse the mass into what was called potash. 
Resonance. The musical tone of an electric guitar is created not by the resonance of the body of the guitar, but the electronical amplification.
Involve. Your main responsibilities will involve ensuring the safety of every one who skis here. 
Brew. This store provides good service, including brewing tea for the waiting customers. 
Cast they had invented bronze, an alloy that could be cast in molds out of which they made tools and weapons. 
Surrender. The murderer finally surrendered to the police. 
Foremost. He is one of the foremost pianists of our day. 
Drill. The first oil well was drilled by El Drake, a retired railroad conductor. 
Confront. Staggering tasks confronted the people of the United States, North and South when the Civil War ended. 
Era. This is an end of an era. 
Glamorous the shore of the Italian Riviera is considered to be the most glamorous and picturesque in Europe. 
Amiable. The Hostess greeted her customers with an amiable smile. 
Stark. The dark stones stand out in stark contrast to the white snow and ice. 
Apprise. My friend was eager to tell me that my thesis was a prized as worthless. 
Intuitive. What does make them good is having an intuitive feeling for how the music works. 
Bait It was a tempting bait indeed, and I won't let it slide. 
Decorative. That color doesn't match the rest of your decorative scheme. 
Stylish it was a stylish performance by both artists. 
Brisk it's lucky that the weather is good, with light, brisk winds. 
Intact. The ice shelf had remained intact for centuries, despite the weather. Clasp. Marie's necklace fell off because the clasp was loose. 
Soda 
clip my mother clipped out all the reports about my performances. 
Prevail. Most goods are handmade and a subsistence economy prevails. 
Dexterous. I was secretly envious of her when I saw her so dexterous. 
Bountiful we found a bountiful supply of seafood on the island. 
Cramp I was seized with a cramp in the cold water when I was swimming. 
Expenditure in the face of the inflation local government is also reducing expenditure. 
Reflection. After a few days of reflection, the little girl decided to leave the city with her mother. 
Famish they are all resolved rather to die than to Famish. 
Cuisine. We are going to a restaurant which is famous for its fine French cuisine. 
Domicile? The applicant must be willing and able to take domicile in Beijing. 
Loose. I'm going to fix some loose shutters on my house. 
Dwindle. Your invitations will dwindle and your circle of friends will definitely shrink. 
Embark. When you embark on a difficult task, it is important that you're well prepared. 
Slog. She started to slog her way through the undergrowth. 
Translucent. Glass can be colored or colorless, transparent, translucent or opaque. 
Imaginary. The so-called equator, which we often mention is actually an imaginary line around the middle of the earth. 
Brilliant. Scientists predicted the comet would be a brilliant spectacle. 
Cohesion. Social cohesion is the capacity of a society to ensure the well being of all its members, minimizing disparities and avoiding marginalization. 
Pueblo the largest pueblos, had five stories and more than 800 rooms. 
Belt. The southern states are sometimes referred to be the Bible Belt. 
Council. She's on the local council. 
License. You need a license to fish in this lake. 
Silicon. 
Formal. Everyone was wearing formal suits or gowns. 
Humidity. People living in this area have to endure the relatively high humidity in summer. 
Journal. By 1892, for example, the circulation of the Ladies Home Journal had reached an astounding 700,000. 
Territory. How did spiders defend their territory? 
Sneaker. Those are great sneakers where they very expensive. 
Commonplace compared to 10 years ago, traveling by air is a commonplace now. 
Retire? My grandfather was a consultant in the company before he retired. 
Bustle many people are tired of the hustle and bustle of city life. 
Civil. The American Civil War was one of the most violent times in the history of the United States. 
Mannerism she has an annoying mannerism of biting her nails. 
Bark. The dog suddenly started barking at us. 
Spice. We need an exciting trip to add some spice to our life. 
Crown their efforts were finally crowned with success. 
Shelter. They use the canopy of the trees for shelter from heat and cold. 
Aspect. We should look at the problem from all aspects. Incense. The law incensed the workforce. 
Augment while searching for a way to augment their family income, she began making dolls. 
Sow. The fields had been sown with wheat. 
Reside. Two species of these finches reside in the Evergreen forests of North America. 
Amplify. Can you amplify the sound so we can hear it better? 
Obscure the path we had taken became more obscure in the heavy rain. 
Cosmos. 
Wary. Be wary of strangers who offer you a ride.
Laureate. The old man was a Nobel laureate in physics. 
Conscious. Humans should be more conscious of the influence they have on ecosystems. 
Unaided. Eventually, the metal will crumple and uncle crumple totally unaided. 
Optional. In place of the usual Wednesday class I've arranged an optional review session since it is optional, attendance will not be taken. 
Admission. It was the first rodeo to charge admission. 
Dolphin 
spill thousands of gallons of crude oil were spilled into the ocean. 
Phenomenon. A similar phenomenon has also occurred in other parts of the animal Kingdom. 
Counselling. Vocational education and counseling extended the influence of public schools. 
Nickel disrepute. The players bad behavior on the field is likely to bring the team into disrepute. 
Mine. This area has been mined for gold for centuries. 
Nauseous. This prescription is supposed to be effective from painting, but it's may be too strong for me. I took it when I woke up in pain in the middle of the night and now I feel nauseous.

