File: 7eqv0-7zdpz.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 47 precautionary. She was kept in the hospital overnight as a precautionary measure. Compact. Native plants in these areas are becoming more compact. SAP. Years of failure have sapped us out of confidence. Auditory. The car accident last year hurt the girls auditory nerves. Explicit the directions Jane gave me to get to her house were very explicit. Lens. Convex lenses can be used to concentrate the sun's rays. Volatile. These bacteria release volatile substances. Celestial. Stars may be spheres, but not every celestial object is spherical. Behaviorism. Many people consider John Watson to be the founder of behaviorism. Semester I have to attend 5 courses this semester. Equator. Near the equator, there is little distinction between summer, winter, autumn or spring. Productive. Health is important to me as a means to a productive life. Illicit. Even questions that are less structured must be carefully phrased in order to elicit the type of information desired. Newsletter. The newsletter is published 2 * a month. Salon. A Ford. Most landless farmers could not afford the necessary tools in that country. Magma all magma consists basically of a variety of silicate minerals. Utilize. The body takes in and utilizes food substances. Hieroglyph scholars generally believe that Egyptian hieroglyphs came into existence a little after Sumerian script, and probably were invented under the influence of the latter. Sporadic. Sporadic violence continued across the country despite a large deployment of security forces by the government. Jupiter. The world anxiously watched as a hurtling chunk of comet plunged into the atmosphere of Jupiter. Qualify the man qualified as a dentist last month. Parameter. We must work within the parameters of budget and time this year. Contradict. Newton's idea of gravity contradicted the idea of a universe that was static, unchanging. Saw. Even when the ice thaws, the stones do not return to their original positions. Walnut as a matter of fact, there is a plaque identifying the black walnut as the tallest black walnut in the state. Square. The hotel is just off the main square. Policy. Honesty is the best policy. Obstruct. Skyscrapers and television reception obstruct air traffic. Loathsome there is a loathsome smell in the kitchen. Swing the signal it receives, causes it to swing to the left. Molecule. Most molecules are far too small to be seen with the naked eye, but there are exceptions. Navigate. Researchers have found that migrating animals use a variety of inner compasses to help them navigate. Tangle. Her financial affairs are in a tangle. Opposite she tried her best to calm him down, but it seemed to be having the opposite effect. Far fetched. Her excuse for being late sounds a bit far fetched to me. Senator he has served as a Democratic senator for the state of New York since 1998. Anarchist. The man established an anarchist society in the region. Contributor sulfur dioxide is a pollutant and a major contributor to acid rain. Nitrogen. Nitrogen composes 80% of the air we breathe. Terminus. We arrived at the terminus. Compromise. The two parties made an effort to reach a compromise. Eligible? Members of the Academy and Institute are not eligible for any cash prizes. Specialize. The shop specializes in handmade hats. Excelerate exposure to the sun can accelerate the aging process. Ductile another unusual feature of glass is the manner in which its viscosity changes. As it turns from a cold substance into a hot ductile liquid. Comparison. The professor mainly discussed a comparison of urban and rural life in the early 20th century. Symphony. The orchestra played Beethoven's Fifth Symphony. Plaster. These rough places on the wall could be plastered over. Dazzling Louis is playing the trumpet with dazzling originality. Compare. Compared with lunar space suits, Martian space suits will require smaller air tanks. Anatomy. We will discuss other features of the Neanderthal anatomy. Radiation. Because it spends a lot of time in the intense tropical sun, the grass mouse has also evolved 2 separate safeguards against the sun's ultraviolet radiation. Evaluate. What I expect you to do with your revision is to evaluate and improve the overall effectiveness of your paper. Recessive. A good manager could help improve the staff's recessive quality. Scrutinize the lawyer. Stayed up all night to scrutinize all the documents in order to find more proof. When? She gave me a Wan smile. Electrolysis. Litterary Mark Twain drew on his own experiences and used dialect and common speech instead of literary language. Subconscious. Our subconscious takes control of much of our life. Needy. The two financially needy writers would receive enough money so they could devote themselves entirely to prose literature. Trauma. We felt exhausted after the traumas of recent days. Cortex. Syndrome. This syndrome is associated with frequent coughing. Wrench. He managed to wrench himself free. And fabious. Since the 1920s, development of amphibious vehicles has greatly diversified. Carbohydrate. Quench. Mineral water is the best way to quench one's thirst. Degenerate. Her health degenerated quickly. Executive. Kate, a former teacher, is now an executive for a charity. Trance. The old man fell into a trance. Disturbance. Noise in the technical sense, implies a random chaotic disturbance. Plankton most planktons have transparent tissues as a protective camouflage. Instructor Fred was asked to submit his term paper to the instructor in advance. Lack. Studies show that lack of patience has a serious impact on one's success. Slice our company is well placed to grab a large slice of the market. Career. The career advisory service here on campus can help you prepare your cover letters. Inconspicuous. It is said that the grand spectacle of a comet develops from a relatively small and inconspicuous chunk of ice and dust. Replenish. The body needs to be replenished with nutrients in order to maintain a high level of energy throughout the day. Optimal. This is the optimal time for harvesting apples. Fibrous collagen is a kind of fibrous protein that holds the body together. Buffalo. The Native Americans followed the wounded Buffalo until it fell dead. Hi bread. They suggest small low emission cars for urban use and larger hybrid or lean burn cars for use elsewhere. Willow the Willow is a famous subject in many East Asian nations cultures. Induce. The marine biologists could induce oysters to spawn not only in the summer but also in the fall. Rayon. Recommended care for regular rayon is dry cleaning only. Scale. Even in this current era of large scale, the interrelationships involved in this process are frequently misunderstood. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

