File: itto2-knyv1.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 35 rodeo rodeos have provoked opposition from animal rights and animal welfare advocates. Lone Martin is looking into the possibility of getting alone. Collaborator I need a collaborator to help me with the task. Phase the phases of the Moon have served as primary divisions of time for thousands of years. Specimen. Astronauts have brought back specimens of rock from the moon. Deficient. John's diet is deficient in fiber and vitamin E. Slide. They slide on a more yielding layer at the base of the lithosphere. Legible. The song she had written for the contest wasn't legible. Complicated. This type of engine is expensive and complicated. Lim for a while she lost the use of her limbs. Subsequent. Subsequent reforms have made these notions seem quite out of date. By product. A byproduct can be useful and marketable, or it can be considered waste. Dorsal the fishes. Dorsal fins are usually cut off by the fishermen. Zinc. Cable. In electrical engineering, cables are used to carry electric currents. Politics. He is a major figure in British politics. Bloom the sun is shining and the flowers are blooming. Reputation. Professor Howell does have a good reputation in the political science department. Overcharge some car mechanics if they think that some one doesn't know much about cars, may try to overcharge that person. Invade we are going to talk about a special way. Some plants respond to being invaded by pests. Mansion. The family lived in an 18th century country mansion. Aquarium it was estimated that in 1999 / 9,000,000 US households owned an aquarium. Wholesome. Bitter pills may have wholesome effects. Melodrama instead of tragedy we got melodrama. Hair cut. Have you noticed that Mr. Wilson got a hair cut? Predator the government has adopted a firm policy to protect the domestic industry from foreign predators. Awesome. The image of gods and kings on the surface of the columns was a little bit awesome. Leichen lichens are famous for their ability to survive a water shortage. Ongoing. Both limitations and problems will quite likely be encountered during the ongoing transition to the market economy. Gospel Mahalia Jackson's powerful, joyous gospel music style has gained her an international reputation. Reservation. I'm sorry I need to work late to night, so you should probably cancel our reservation at the restaurant. Advertise. I'd like to enroll in the free seminar you advertised in the newspaper. Mesmerize we were mesmerized by her performance. Groan. The trees creaked and groaned in the wind. Modest. The national debt has shot up from a modest $65 million in 1861. Along. Houses had been built along both sides of the river. Magnificent. Financier Andrew Mellon donated most of his magnificent art collection to the National Gallery of Art. Hike. Her sister's children love to hike in the mountains. Overall. A creative architect can find ways to incorporate natural landscape into the overall design. Scurry ants scurried around the pile of rotting wood. Indigestion? Boone agriculture boomed with machinery doing the job of farm workers drawn into the army. Perpetuate insects have many enemies, but they must perpetuate their kind. Companion. Pierre and his companions did in fact reach the near vicinity of the North Pole. Twine the Reaper gathered the stalks and bound them with twine. Resident. Each nest has a distinct odor that allows its inhabitants to distinguish foreign ants from resident ants. Concede. The author conceded that individual chimpanzees may have a preference for certain companions. Float. Some small local canals are able to float only small rafts of timber. Rod the fireplace had pivoting metal rods to hang pots. Classical. Professor Lee will give a speech on classical literature in the hall this Friday. Principle. You should stick to your principles. Outspoken. He was outspoken in his criticism of the government's handling of the disaster. Factual. The story of the train may not be completely factual. Prize. Sturgeons are prized for their blackish Roe. Formidable. They faced formidable difficulties in their attempt to reach the mountain summit. Obedience. The unruly children showed no obedience to their parents. Persist John won't give up. He persists in repeating his opinion. Skeptical. We are skeptical about her chances of winning. Derth there is a dearth of good young actors at the moment. Invitation she'll consider the man's invitation. Sequence. Number the pages in sequence. Humble. In my humble opinion, you should listen to others 1st and then decide. Overflow. Once Christmas comes streets, shops and everywhere else overflow with the crowds. Glimmer there is a glimmer of light through the mist in the forest. Staunch. The President is a staunch supporter of free trade. Traverse the motorcyclist tried to traverse over the Yellow River on his motorbike. Malice. I think he certainly bears you no malice, so don't worry. Sneaky. At the party, Tiffany took a sneaky glance at the boy beside her. Uphold. Some ancient traditions and customs should be well upheld. Forsake. The brother forsook his education and went to work for his whole family. Thou. The woman vowed to her husband's photo that she would take revenge on his enemy. Embargo. The House agent places the apartments under an embargo between the house owner and the lodger. Ordeal. She was suffering the ordeal of divorce. Deflect the ship, deflected from its course because of the heavy storm. Abhor. The history teacher abhors all forms of racism and segregation. Pernicious. Puppy Love is seen to have a pernicious influence on students in school. Suspicious. It's suspicious that Tom didn't come home last night and didn't call back. Venturesome to climb Mount Everest is a venturesome trip for amateur climbers. Diagnose. She was diagnosed with cancer when she was 30. Regiment. After the earthquake, a whole regiment of volunteers rushed to the disaster hit areas. Smelting. Smelting represented a major technological achievement. Cartilage. The cartilage in John's nose was broken when it was hit. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

