File: xegnd-30f7o.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 31 amount. By 1913, Seattle had 25 parks, amounting to 1400 acres. Steer. Some of them steer by the position of the sun. Violate. The advent of the troops violated the peace of the small village. Interval the earliest Rd markers were stones piled at intervals. Ponderous these ponderous machines, reaped the grain and bagged it. Define. As the roles of men and women played in society became more rigidly defined, so did the roles they played in the home. Visualize. An architect can take a look at a drawing and visualize the shape of the building. Frugal. Frugal people save cash in kitchen pots and jars. Emerald. She has an emerald ring. Reference. The interviewer said that my references were full of praise. Local. He has been very vocal in his criticism of the government's policy. Passive. I urged my passive friend to be more assertive. Estu the movie star is stewed. The personal questions during the interview. Deductive? Deductive reasoning couldn't work all the time in debate. Illustrate. These topics will be illustrated with computer animations to make explanations easy to follow. Advisable? It's advisable to book the seat in advance. Hedge. Tony has invested some money overseas as a hedge against the rising inflation in the country. Pyramid. Plants are the basis of the food pyramid for all living things, even for other plants. Liable. A wife is liable for her husband's deaths, so the wife should and must take care of his money. Exhort. No matter how his parents exhort John to study hard, he just doesn't like to go to school. Desperate her three evening dresses gave us quite disparate feelings. Homosexuality. Don't despise homosexuality. It is allowed and legal in some countries. Vividh thi Ivy's dubbing for the puppet vivified it. Ignite. The little girl ignited the match and she seemed to see her grandma. Spirn Mr. Smith spurned all the offers to travel around the world. Uproot the young girl, uprooted herself from her hometown and went to Shanghai. Retrieve don't forget to retrieve your card after you draw money from the ATM. Tribute. All the people stood in silence and paid tribute to the people who died in the earthquake. Expeditious let the children think by themselves. Don't give them an expeditious response. A repetition. We do not want to see a repetition of last month's tragic events. A sail. It was too dark to recognize who assailed me last night. Exemplify. Tom's new album didn't exemplify his singing style. Permanence. A child needs a family which keeps the sense of stability and permanence. Reassess. One side of the baby's room has a recess designed to hold bookshelves. Gang all the street lights along this road were vandalized by a gang of youths. Ingenious. By such ingenious adaptations to specific pollinators, orchids have avoided the hazards of rampant cross breeding in the wild. Elevate the birds began to elevate their nests in branches, perhaps to avoid predators. Replace. The old one had to be replaced because it was imprecise. Twist. I heard Dan twisted his ankle during basketball practice yesterday. Extreme. I want to know how animals survive in extreme temperatures. Alphabet. There are dozens of alphabets in use today. Contract. In general, the contracts are often no more than verbal agreements. Divert. The first publisher to produce books aimed primarily at diverting a child audience. Revoke. John's work permit was revoked after six months. Melanin. The skin of the grass mouse contains lots of melanin or dark pigments. Zealous Wilton also made a lead equestrian image of King George the third, that was created in New York in 1770 and torn down by zealous Patriots six years later. Drawback. The main drawback of the new system is that it is hard to operate. Somewhat. What happened to him remains somewhat of a mystery. Perform. They perform their music as a means of individual self expression. Buddy will use a buddy system throughout the ride. Swallow to your food properly before swallowing it. Pierce the bullet, pierced the police officer's vest. Recoil. The girl recoiled in horror at the sight of the snake. Infrastructure. Both the national and state governments developed transportation infrastructure. Engraving. Thereafter, engraving tended to lose ground to etching, which was a much easier technique for the artist to learn. Vehicle. Private companies built the roads and collected fees from all the vehicles traveling on them. Meteorological. Scientists spent nearly ten years in studying the meteorological records. Core. Concern for the disadvantaged groups is at the core of the argument. Strip. The man was disgraced and stripped of his title. Lace fine handmade lace is traditionally made of linen thread. Kinetic. Each fragment's immense kinetic energy was transformed into heat. Premature. The conclusion seemed to be premature, that Wilson would be absent from the election. Vacation. During summer vacation, many white collar people would like to go abroad to take a vacation. Elementary. You've made an elementary mistake. Stationary the truck collided with a stationary car. Notation. She made a notation in the margin of the book. Crime. In the railroads prime years, there were few individuals in the United States. Specific. It's thought that specific genes in an animal's body have an influence on anxious behavior. Flock? Many spectators flocked to the farm to catch a glimpse of Mrs Stowe. Nectar. Honey bees communicate the sources of nectar to one another by doing a dance in a Figure 8 pattern. Enactment. The enactment of this law will be a great step backward for the country. Sluggish. I have taken some tablets that can make people feel rather sluggish. District in Austria. Officials on the district level are not elected but appointed by the state government. Obsolete. The astronomers consider the study of cosmic jets to be an obsolete scientific field. Prestige. No other colonial artisans rivaled the silversmiths prestige. Silicate. Moral. The movie was considered an affront to public morals. Pigeon seeds and fruit form the major component of the diet of pigeons. Adaptive. Most adaptive behavior scales are completed by interviewing a parent, a teacher or another individual who is familiar with the students daily activities. Raw this is only raw data and will need further analysis. Negotiation. At the peace negotiations with Britain, Americans demanded and got what they wanted. Delectable it is extremely delectable for us to have accepted your application for the membership of student union. Abrasion. Abrasion due to daily wear alters the surface features of beads. Fibre. Dried fruits are especially high in fibre. Burrow. The aardvark is a mammal that Burrows into the ground to catch ants and termites. Regular. They occur at regular intervals. Some. Ask them to work out a sum. Defecate. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

