File: 19.wav
Word list 19. 
Innovate we should constantly innovate to ensure success in an increasingly competitive market. 
Reliever. You still don't look too good. Didn't you take the pain reliever I gave you? 
Extremity. The poor man was in an extremity of pain after being driven out of his home. 
Load. Leslie has a heavier coarse load than usual this term. 
Narrative. Oral narratives are a valid form of literature. 
Prosperity the prosperity of the Erie encouraged the state to enlarge its canal system by building several branches. 
Reapply. Students are taught a number of skills that can be reapplied throughout their studies.
Succumb There were more than 10 people who died in the accident, including seven people who succumbed to their injuries. 
Monogamous most birds are monogamous. 
Hypocritical. I found the whole thing hypocritical after the incident was exposed last month. 
Grid. The new invention allows power from different generators to be distributed through the grid. 
Hypertext. Hypertext has been used as an essential feature of the World Wide Web. 
Indecipherable. Usually computer language is indecipherable to the average people. 
Optimize. To organize and optimize the material, resources and human resources during the production is the core and essential work. 
Perceptual. The study shows that peoples perceptual and filtering processes will create misunderstandings. 
Alienable land is alienable according to the laws of the state. 
Quantum. He says Conceitedly that no one understands quantum theory like he does. 
Retrieval as a reader, you can find any book you want by using the retrieval system. 
Virtual. Customers can design and order clothes directly from the virtual shops now. 
Sequential. Though our thinking tends to be less creative, it is more logical and sequential. 
Interface. We have a computer editing device that allows everyone to have a different interface. 
Template. If you want to upload the template, you have to be in the table layout instead of reports. 
Synchronizer the synchronizer can help you to synchronize the folders and disks on the computer. 
Telecommunication. The telecommunication system was established after the successful trial in other countries. 
Ventilation. The office has been renovated recently and the ventilation system has been improved. 
Advisory. Mark was appointed to the Advisory committee last month. 
Magnetic. The block becomes magnetic when the current is switched on. 
Static. There was so much static that I couldn't make out what he was saying. 
Count. I'm counting on you to make notes from the history lecture. 
Tinker. In the past, only a few people who tinkered with wireless telegraphs as a hobby owned receivers. 
Jumble. Swift currents and waves jumble and carry away small bones of the dead animals. 
Brittle. A lot of pages are turning brown and becoming brittle. 
Insulate. The ice shelves currently insulate the Antarctic continent from wind. 
Favor I was wondering if you could do me a favor. 
Segregate. They are easily segregated from sand and silt. 
Dimension. The dimensions of the cosmos are so large that using familiar units of distance would make little sense. 
Nonverbal. Body language, such as a gesture, is the most important nonverbal expression. 
Barrier. The Earth's magnetosphere is a barrier to the solar winds. 
Throw. They were thrown into confusion by the news. 
Shipwright 
automatic my new camera is supposed to be completely automatic. 
Naturalist. Naturalists brought to their writing a passion for direct and honest experience. 
Simplicity. The simplicity of this cartoon book makes it suitable for small children. 
Orbit. The Earth takes a year to orbit the sun. 
Kilm more and more large kilns were built to create the high fired stoneware. 
Proofread Beth missed several errors while proofreading her paper. 
Arithmetic. 
Landscape. In her versions, the figures become more stylized and the landscapes less naturalistic. 
Doctrine for a while in the United States, lazze fair was a popular doctrine. 
Suppose. This theory supposes the existence of life on other planets. 
Matrimony. Being so young, she did not think herself fit to bear the burden of matrimony. 
Adapt. When we moved to France, the children adapted to the change very well. 
Span the project must be completed with a specific time span. 
Veto. The government used its veto to block the proposal. 
Mechanic she knows a mechanic who can help her fix her car. 
Glimpse. I caught a glimpse of him in the crowd. 
Claim. The farmers claimed that the iron poisoned the soil and made the weeds grow wildly. 
Plausible. Well, as plausible as it sounds, it's only a theory. 
Restore. The factory was restored to full working order. 
Arouse. Mary is aroused by her clocks alarm at 9:00 o'clock every morning. 
Landmass. Landmasses occupy only 1/3 of the Earth's surface. 
Treadmill. I hope to escape the office treadmill. 
Ecosystem. An ecosystem includes all of the living organisms in a specific area. 
OPal. 
Centric anyone who wants to make friends with others should not be egocentric. 
Scent. The air was filled with the scent of wild flowers. 
Attorney. When I was six years old, my father was selected as the District Attorney. 
Confession. My confession won't solve anything. 
Idiom. Martha Graham's debut dance concert in her new idiom occurred on April 18th, 1926. 
Fort Fort Drum has been used as a military training site since 1908. 
Immune. They were immune to drought. 
Quilt the bed cover was quilted in a flower design. 
Coincide the interests of employers and employees do not always coincide. 
Carve the flutes are carved from a length of soft, straight grained wood. 
Solid. As yet, they have no solid evidence. 
Ranch. He works on a sheep ranch. 
Consort. Some colonial urban portraitists consorted with affluent patrons. 
Sociable. A good sociable ability is good for one's growth. 
Across. I happened to be looking through some of my roommates science magazines and I came across an article on phrenology. 
Observe. Like other behaviorists, John believes that psychologists should study only the behaviors they can observe and measure. 
Symmetry. You will be shown a shape and you have to tell the computer how many lines of symmetry it has. 
Rugged most of British Columbia is mountainous with long, rugged ranges running North and South. 
Commute. More and more people live far from the old city centre and still commute there for work.

