Squirt the snake can squirt poison from a distance of a meter. 
Resin many compound resins have distinct and characteristic odors. 
Context. Beads are often valuable in their original cultural context as well as in today's market. 
Symptom. Much of the focus of the class was on the recognition of vitamin deficiency symptoms. 
Interrupt when you interrupted me, you made me lose my train of thought. 
Defect. The sweater could be a manufacturers defect, and we'll exchange it for you. 
Velocity. The velocity of a river is determined by the slope, the depth and the roughness of the riverbed. 
Dormitory. Most of the freshmen of this university live in dormitories. 
Freight. The fish was shipped in a refrigerated freight car. 
Tread. Please tread very quietly as the baby is asleep. 
Ascribe. Tradition ascribes these works to a man named Homer. 
Supplement. Some countries define dietary supplements as foods, while in others they are defined as drugs or natural health products. The 
equation. As economists put it, the industry forms a crucial part of a country's economic equation. 
Copper. Like silver and gold, copper is easily worked being both ductile and malleable. 
Rear later they developed a technique for feeding the larvae and rearing them to spat. 
Distinct. Two distinct processes are involved in molting.
accede. The Queen Elizabeth 2 exceeded to the throne officially in 1952. 
Mosquito. Some scientists believe that eradicating mosquitoes would not have serious consequences for any ecosystems. 
Numerous. Cosmic rays consist of rapidly moving particles of numerous different kinds. 
Livestock. At the time, Quebec was a major market for livestock crops and fish. 
Innert viruses are inert outside living cells, but within the appropriate cells they can replicate. 
Prescription pharmacists filled drug prescriptions, keep records of the drugs their patients are taking to make sure that harmful combinations are not prescribed. 
Awkward. Tom was always a bit awkward when meeting new people. 
Collective. The decision made by the Board of directors is the result of collective agreement. 
Invertebrate. Invertebrates make up a large proportion of all life in the sea. 
Barge. They barged their way through the crowds. 
Snap. He snapped a twig off a Bush. 
Feat. Acquiring their language is a most impressive intellectual feat for children. 
Conservation. Biological diversity has become widely recognized as a critical conservation issue. Only in the past two decades. 
Smother. The voices of the opposition were effectively smothered. 
Blur. The differences between art and life seem to have blurred. 
Mantle. He concluded that the depth marked the boundary between a solid mantle and the liquid core. 
Demonstrate. The researchers have sought to demonstrate that their work can be a valuable tool of science. 
Additive. With the advent of processed foods in the second half of the 20th century, many more additives have been introduced of both natural and artificial origin. 
Lithosphere the lithosphere, is divided into a few dozen plates of various sizes and shapes. 
Dam. It is considered to be the oldest dam still in use. 
Steep. The traditional organizations went into steep decline during the 1950s and 1960s. 
Exhaust. Don't give up until you have exhausted all the possibilities. 
Cardiac. Cardiac arrest is an abrupt cessation of pump function in the heart. 
Easter. This led to the American custom of Easter parades all over the world. 
Latin the term of virus is derived from the Latin word for poison or slime. 
Minimum. You seem to meet our minimum qualifications. 
Raise. They're going to raise the dorm fees again. 
Amateur. The competition is open to both amateurs and professionals. 
Prior prior to this report, Seattle's Park Development was very limited and short of funds. 
Shear. The decade of the 1870s was a period in which the sheer number of newspapers doubled. 
Measure. The biologists realized that if new measures were not taken, oysters would become extinct. 
Engaging. fanny Buse had an engaging personality that delighted audiences for nearly half a century. 
Convert. He was soon converted to the socialist cause. 
Tremendous. He has a tremendous skill in placing his buildings in harmony with nature. 
Bunch. A bunch of us are going out for pizza. 
Pictorial. The East Asian Library has an impressive collection of pictorial works about China. 
Enlist. Being enlisted in the army turns him from an innocent boy into a real man. 
Stuff. Did you learn about this stuff in cooking school? 
Rumor many of the stories are based on rumor. 
Trigger. Pheromones are chemical signals triggering behavioral responses. 
Agency. The country has created a public employment agency as a way to combat unemployment. 
Packed the subway is packed this morning. 
Resign. Aged 15, Edward resigned himself to the fact that he'd never be a first class musician. 
Guarantee we have a priority service that would guarantee delivery in three days. 
Coordinate. Political parties in the United States helped to coordinate the campaigns of their members that mark election years. 
Terminology. You're familiar with basic film terminology. 
Inaugurate. The woman was inaugurated as president in March. 
Composure. He doesn't know many composers of classical music. 
Trade. Trade between the two countries has increased. 
Empower. The new law empowered the citizens to have the right of hearing. 
Injurious everybody knows that smoking is injurious to health, but there are still many people smoking. 
Confine. The other early apartment buildings were confined to the typical New York building lot. 
Faction. The party was divided by endless faction and intrigue. 
Lapse every husband hopes that his wife will forgive his lapse. 
enact Kate dreams to enact Snow White in a drama. 
allay Maria wrote stories interesting enough to attract children and morally instructive enough to allay adult distrust of fiction. 
Expropriate the army expropriated the farmer's warehouse as their temporary shelter. 
Mandate. The local government gave the customs a mandate to further crack down on smuggling. 
Fraud. The handsome man was a notorious fraud in his circle. 
Imperial. Conservatives and liberals alike also pushed for imperial expansion. 
Empress an American painter, is commissioned to paint the empresses portrait. 
Dramatic. He made a dramatic shift from the classical tradition to the arts and crafts movement. 
Levy the officials levied on the landlords estates. 
Apply. I would like to apply for one of the security guard positions you advertised in the local paper. 
Interrogate. The policeman was interrogating a prisoner who was accused of cheating. 
Forfeit. You will forfeit your deposit if you break the furniture. 
Juridical. The rights and responsibilities of a juridical person are distinct from those of the natural person. 
Lawsuit. The poor girl lost the lawsuit as she was out of money. 
Mandatory. The offence carries a mandatory life sentence. 
Endangered Stork believes climate change is the major issue as to why species are becoming endangered. 

