File: 6wo2e-dz6vj.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word list 43. Descend. The octopus and the squid descended from earlier creatures with shells. A null. The signature in the agreement was fake, so the judge annulled the contract. Mail I hear the post office hired 2 more students to work in the mail room. Bill. She always pays her bills on time. And rich. Plant growth greatly enriched our atmosphere with oxygen. March. The band played a military March. Hormone. The short child of tall parents very likely had a hormone deficiency early in life. Sapphire. Sapphires are commonly worn as jewelry. Coalition. I'm going door to door to night to tell people about the Student Action Coalition. Hawkey why didn't you go to the hockey finals last weekend? Evaporate. ISIS have evaporated from its outer layers to leave a crust of nearly black dust all over the surface. Culpable. As his elder sister Mary was culpable about Jay's suffering. Linger. The faint smell of her perfume lingered in the room. Function. The function of the heart is to pump blood through the body. Troop Cheryl usually doesn't travel with the dance troop. Mark these achievements were mocked by the artistic elite of Paris as expensive and ugly follies. Texture. Igneous rocks vary in texture as well as chemistry. And roll. He didn't know that she was enrolled in a linear algebra course. Confiscate the monitor. Confiscated the MP3 player which Tina was listening to in the class. Amend. The tutor told his student to amend the final edition of his paper and hand it in next Monday. Concord. It's strange that cats and dogs can live in Concord. Brighton the flowers in the window really brighten my spirits. Vascular. Research in treating vascular disease is exploring new areas such as minimally invasive techniques which are less risky and speed up patients recovery time. Aristocratic. Most people in the street envy the aristocratic lifestyle. Fracture. Fracture on tools also indicates that a majority of ancient people were right-handed. Decree the local government issued a new decree to solve the problems of education. Scarf. He bought a silk scarf for her as a birthday present. Authoritative. The mayor has announced the authoritative instructions. Impersonal The relationships tend to be impersonal. Autonomous. There are three autonomous states in this country. Canvas. The candidate has to go on the street and canvas four votes in every campaign season. Conspiracy. Some innocent people were involved in this conspiracy. Corrupt. From ancient times to present day, corrupt officials still exist. Default. The village is rich in coal, but it doesn't put it into good use in default of advanced technology. Pivot. The pivot on which the old system turned had disappeared. Seminar. Teaching is by lectures and seminars. Depose. The official was deposed by the superior governor because of his negligence. Identical. The director wants the songs in the Broadway version to be identical to the songs in the film. D segregate. Two desegregate allows both black and white children to go to the same school and study in the same class. Assassinate. Many activists in this revolution were assassinated by the reactionaries. Superior. Natural vitamins are superior to synthetic ones. Photograph. Our professor took photographs of small oceanic snails. Muscular. The athletes kept their muscular bodies in shape with three hours swimming every morning. Amino. Disarm the troop captured and disarmed more than 100 rebels. Scarce. Watches and clocks were scarce in the United States until the late 1850s. Incident. She isn't upset about the incident. Curiosity. You really pick my curiosity. Atmosphere. There was an atmosphere of mutual trust between them. Instinct. Instinct drives green turtles to always return to the beach where they were hatched. Vacuum. His resignation has created a vacuum which cannot easily be filled. Antique. Invaluable antiques were destroyed in the fire. Resistant. Scientists found that a number of damaging insects were resistant to pesticide. Idea motor. As we all know, idea motor action is a term of psychology. Breathing. When you feel nervous, the best way to relax is deep breathing exercises. Dent it seemed that nothing could dent her confidence. Intrinsic. During their growing. Many parents failed to teach children the intrinsic value of good behavior. Skeleton the human skeleton consists of 206 bones. Disease. Diseases usually affect people, not only physically but also emotionally. Concentric. Many concentric circles were formed in the pond. Racket what a racket the children are making. Ernest. Despite her earnest efforts, she could not find a job. Instrument some alarmists believe these new instruments will bring an end to classical music. Hibernation. Mammals bury their body temperatures during hibernation. Fadal high temperatures are also fatal to the growing embryo. Nominate you've been nominated for the committee. Cholesterol avoiding animal products may decrease the cholesterol levels in the body. Articulate. Some species, such as ants, seem to be very articulate creatures. Souvenir. The shop along the street sells the souvenirs of the famous tourist attraction. Relieve. We play cards to relieve the boredom of the long wait. Medication. I thought your doctor gave you medication for your allergies last week. Electrode if you put electrodes on the throat and measure muscle activity, you will discover that when people are thinking there is muscular activity in the throat. Contagious. A hobby like collecting classical music can be contagious and expensive. Thread. It took me a long time to thread my way through the crowd. Sponge. His mind was like a sponge, ready to absorb anything. Ottomobile Benz was the largest automobile company in the world at that time. Republic. Both modern and ancient republics vary widely in their ideology and composition. Dominant. Aristotle considered an object's downward or upward motion to be the result of the dominant nature of the object. Ritual. Ritual ceremonies were conducted by the brother or son. Periphery. The company will locate its headquarters on the periphery of the city. Immediate. Reaction from the public and press was immediate and derisive. Delirium the delirium sufferer loses the capacity for clear and coherent thought. Insistence. There is much Democratic insistence on the worthiness of every level of birth and work. Botany the practice and use of botany for medical purposes is still common to this day in some areas. Quarterly. We hoped to pay the rent quarterly. Stage. The product is still at the design stage. Legislative. Members of Congress have to spend most of their time in Washington taking care of their legislative duties. Combination. The company decided to work on a new product in combination with several overseas partners. Inventory. In the 1800s, store owners sold everything from a needle to a plough, trusted every one and never took inventory. Denounce? The expert denounced the stupid villagers as they destroyed their living environment. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

