Word list 16. Adolescence. Adolescence is the life stage that bridges childhood and adulthood. 
Snowflake. Snowflakes come in a variety of sizes and shapes. 
Audit. If you audit a course, you don't have to take the tests. 
Grading he doesn't know if Doctor Wilson has finished the grading of the midterm exams. 
Exception we've now discussed how most snakes move, but there are some notable exceptions. 
Shell. The house was now a shell gutted by flames. 
Inhibit they may discipline group members who inhibit attainment of the group's goals. 
Argue. Idealists argue that the representatives needed to control a series of problems in order for the United States to survive. 
Municipal the municipal government ordered landlords to roll back their rents to the levels charged in 1978. 
Configuration. The awkward configuration of the kitchen is very inefficient. 
Lawn. In summer we have to mow the lawn twice a week. 
Radical. Cities had undergone radical social change. 
Wither? Some of the Elms leaves have withered and turned yellow. 
Seashore. Every day the old man goes to the sea shore before Daybreak. 
Interest. Chisholm was known for advocating the interests of the urban poor. 
Fantastic. My new neighbor has a fantastic collection of classical music. 
Championship the soccer championship is run right now on Channel 8. 
Implication. What are the social implications of meat eating? 
Extend. Careful maintenance can extend the life of your car. 
Meager prior to this report, Seattle's Park development was very limited and funding meager. 
Dump. He has got no right to keep dumping his problems on me. 
Recognition. There is a growing recognition of the urgent need for reform. 
Already. There are far too many people already. We can't take any more. 
Preeminent. The TV show invited some preeminent experts to take part in today's topic. 
Suction neither the water pumps nor the vacuum cleaners could work without suction. 
Excess. Are you suffering from an excess of stress in your life? 
Associative it is said that associative memory is the basic function of the human brain. 
Cognitive. The study showed that cognitive behavioral therapy has clinical value. 
Trek. My boots were worn out after our long trek in the mountains. 
Nostalgic. I feel quite nostalgic for the place where I grew up. 
Delineate. You should delineate your objectives precisely. 
Baffle the explanations of these concepts. Baffle a lot of beginners. 
Corpus the use of corpus can supplement the deficiencies of conventional teaching. 
Worship. Susan looked at the famous designer with worship in her eyes. 
Monotony. Listening to the music relieves the monotony of daily life. 
Dissuade. I tried to dissuade her from giving up her job. 
Tremulus the little girl, answered the teacher's questions in a tremulous voice. 
Slough. Responsibilities are not sloughed off so easily. 
Conscientious the boss told me I had to be more conscientious about my work. 
Beneficient the former singer, now has a life filled with beneficient activities.
Appease. There is a way to appease the hostility between you and her. 
Discord. I would rather not see any discord in our society nowadays. 
Extorts the police used every means to extort confession from the suspect. 
Bluster when quarrelling Mike tends to bluster at first, but he soon will drop. 
Iceberg. A massive iceberg more than twice the size of New York's Manhattan Island is drifting slowly toward the country. 
Energetic. The interviewers are usually willing to offer posts to job applicants who are energetic, hardworking and responsible. 
Colonial. The country achieved independence from the French colonial rule in 1956. 
Exorbitant it's a nice car, but they are charging an exorbitant price for it. 
Slope. The house is built on a slope. 
Match. The man's socks match his shirt well. 
Deal. They were hoping for a better pay deal. 
Archaeology. The purpose of archaeology is to learn more about past societies and the development of the human race. 
Legend. Cultures from the myths and legends are passed down from one generation to another. 
Inanity their statement was a downright inanity. 
Airborne. You increase your exposure to airborne viruses just when your body's resistance is already low from all the running around you do. 
Blues. The history of Chicago Blues since the 1960s has been a contradictory 1 combining periods of recession and renewal.
Crest the level of debt crested at a mass of $300 billion in 2000. 
Primitive. The origins of primitive sea life were explained. 
Extract. Some fossils can be extracted from these sediments by putting the rocks in an acid bath. 
Comic. There are many comic characters in this play. 
Buckle. Two plates continued to float and therefore buckled to form a mountain chain. 
Deform the intense heat from the fire deformed the metal chair. 
Ceremony. The opening ceremony will last approximately 2 1/2 hours. 
Informative. The talk was both informative and entertaining. 
Mention. Today I want to mention an even earlier form of transportation. 
Immunity. The advantage of nesting on cliffs is the immunity seabirds give from foxes. 
Origin. To weather broadcasters, the origin of winds is more important than its destination. 
Arthritis some forms of arthritis and rheumatic diseases are known to occur more frequently in women than in men. 
Commemorate. Thank you for coming here this morning to commemorate the first balloon voyage in the United States. 
Poisonous. This recent scientific discovery is about a desert shrub whose leaves can shoot up a stream of poisonous resin, a distance of 6 feet. 
Humid. The southwestern coastal region has a humid, mild marine climate. 
Ecology. Oil pollution could damage the fragile ecology of the coral reefs. 
Falcon. The peregrine Falcon feeds almost exclusively on medium sized birds. 
Acting. She will play the acting coach. 
Deficiency. Vitamin D deficiency can lead to serious bone diseases. 
Exchange. I shook hands and exchanged a few words with the manager. 
Complementary. The school's approach must be complementary to that of the parents. 
Grudge. The old man has a grudge against the world. 
Dcode the Rosetta Stone was found by scholars trying to decode ancient languages. 
Bagel there will be bagels, pastries and fruit at the party. 
Eager. A crowd of eager shareholders are waiting outside the big company. 
Preserve welcome to the four Winds historical farm where traditions of the past are preserved for visitors like you. 
Indicate when speaking before a Group A person's tone may indicate unsureness or fright, confidence or calm. 
Blossom. The trees are in blossom. 
Watercourse. Pesticides are sometimes responsible for contamination of watercourses. 
Statue. The inspiration for the Statue of Liberty arose from his dream of international friendship, peace and progress. 
Destined they were destined never to meet again. 
Assure. People who are dieting need a variety of foods to assure a constant supply of nutrients their bodies need.

