File: 21.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 21 horde. It is better to hoard money in the bank for to Morrow then spend it to day. Parallel. It is possible to draw a parallel between their experience and ours. Litter. Will be putting the litter in these plastic trash bags. Underlying an interviewer can go beyond written questions and probe for a subjects underlying feelings and reasons. Symbol. The common meal served at a common hearth is a powerful symbol, a mark of social unity. Feudale if something does not belong to you, it's going to be futile no matter how hard you try. Diet. People who are dieting need a variety of foods to assure a constant supply of nutrients their bodies need. Significant the experimental result shows that there are no significant differences between the two groups of students. Positive. He believed riders should emphasize the positive aspects of life. Lumber. A family of elephants, limbered by. Rome. 4 male chimpanzees often roamed together over a certain. Fervor the political leaders are always speaking with great fervor. Affection. Children need lots of love and affection. Upheaval. As the Indo Europeans encroached on old Europe from the east, the continent underwent upheavals. Simplify. This technology can simplify network operations significantly reducing recurring costs. Dozen. There were dozens of people waiting in the hall for autographs. Realtor. The realtor has assured us that it will be no problem to sell the House. Bacteria. Like the other microbes, bacteria are single cells. Aerobics I have to take an aerobics class now. Filament. I can see that the filament in the bulb is already broken. Gossip. Regarding the gossips, you can either face them or ignore them. Hitch. I stopped the car to pick up a young man who wanted to hitch a ride. Pragmatic. It's said that American people are pragmatic by nature. Grampp the once obedient kid, has turned into a teenage grump. Indigent. Mike's persistence was forged in an indigent childhood. NAC. It said that humans have the knack of changing the natural environment. Light hearted. It was a lighthearted card with a cartoon inside. Necessitate your mistakes necessitate doing this task once again. Pedestrian the car knocked into a pedestrian and drove away. Ramble. The mother told her boy not to ramble on the street after school. Set back the breakdown in talks represents a temporary setback in the peace process. How? The popcorn, with its special hull, doesn't always pop. Taught. Tom pulled hard at the tot toe rope to bring the boat alongside. Sleigh Santa Claus will come to my house riding a sleigh pulled by the reindeer. Excavate. The deepest bone bearing deposit was excavated in 1914. Transport. In China, more than 70% of coal transport is still by rail. Attention. The article in the magazine caught her attention. Nutrition. Vitamin D is important to human nutrition because it helps the body to absorb calcium. Daylight. The African grass mouse is active during daylight hours. Gilding gilding has long signified an ostentatious display of wealth. Intoxication. At a depth of five atmospheres, nitrogen causes symptoms resembling alcohol intoxication. Rotate. It was difficult to move or rotate. Spike. This year has seen a sudden spike in the price of agricultural products. Locality. There are localities that have specific restrictions with regard to noise pollution. Undergo. All forms of art were undergoing a revolution at that time. Colony. The MacDowell Colony, founded in 1907, is the oldest artist colony in the United States. Mottled. Drinking water containing excessive amounts of fluorides may leave a mottled effect on the enamel of teeth. Sweet. All of our one bedroom suites have been recently redecorated with plush furnishings. Military. The military stationed at the various forts. And close. The application instructions say you should enclose a check Oregon money order for $20. Stature. She is small in stature. Livelihood. The experts guard their knowledge to prevent others from stealing their livelihood. Soul. The rich investor is the sole owner of the office building. Mountainous. We travelled through wild mountainous country. Sample. Fossils provide a limited sample of ancient organisms. Flux. Life on Earth has continually been in flux as slow, physical and chemical changes have occurred on Earth. Assume. I assume everyone here is a sophomore, since this is the nursing department's second year Physiology course. Complain. My mother always complains that her knee hurts just before a storm. Veil even nowadays most women in this region wear veils in public places. Infest the waters are infested with sharks. Tolerant. The prejudice man is not at all tolerant. Forecast. Severe weather conditions have been forecasted following these mild days. Altar the effect of supersaturation is simply to alter the growth rate. Mobile. One of the sculptures is a mobile that is made of pieces of aluminum. Linear. In her art, she broke the laws of scientific linear perspective. Confidence. The teacher has every confidence in her students abilities. Stash. Garbage has been stashed in the building's basement, despite sanitation laws to the contrary. Inflate the yellow balloon is inflated with helium. Amid. The cat to did a type of Grasshopper is active at night and rests amid foliage during the day. Paddle. John accidentally dropped his paddle in the lake. Cornerstone Homer was the poet that laid down the cornerstone of Western literature. Fund. The project has been cancelled because of lack of funds. Venture. The whole venture seemed so impractical and foolish. Unequal. It's generally admitted that people with unequal talents should be paid unequal amounts. Chorus. Her proposal received a chorus of praise. Nonsense. They are talking nonsense. Purple. On hearing this, her face was purple with anger. Ration. Once these latest rations run out, the country will again face hunger and starvation. Matt please wipe your feet on the mat before you come in. Profound globalization affects very profound changes in modern lifestyles. Attire. We will attire him in fine clothing so he can make a good impression. Or an anthology. I wish I'd seen it since that's what we're studying in my Ornithology class. Palatable. The soup isn't excellent, but its palatable. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

