File: 711cm-tn2ag.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word list 10. Glue her eyes were glued to the screen. Inflation. The governments in some countries have taken measures to control the inflation rates. Certificates. The birth certificate is issued by the provincial or territorial government and is required as identification to apply for other important personal documents. Summit scientists need to put a special receiver on the summit to receive signals from the satellites. Nucleus. At the core of every ice crystal is a minuscule nucleus. Attributes. John has many good attributes that make him eligible for the job. Planetary. Many planetary orbits are not circles. Lash there are other drums that have skins lashed onto both sides. Delicate. The tiny, delicate skeletons are usually destroyed by weathering before they can be fossilized. Proficient. The scrolls were written in a language that is really rare today. Only a few people are proficient at it. Repertory the repertory of a concert band includes marches and other forms of music. Enormous. The problems facing the manager are enormous. Unify. The area was economically unified. Relief. We should have some relief by the end of the week. Deceptive. Its simplicity of appearance is deceptive. Miracle. It's a miracle that nobody was hurt in the traffic accident. Simultaneous. These ponderous machines reaped the grain, thrashed it, and bagged it all in one simultaneous operation. Paradigm. The war was paradigm of the destructive side of human nature. Foliage. The insect is active at night and rests motionless amid foliage during the day. Spontaneous. The audience burst into spontaneous applause. Quarry. The police lost their quarry in the crowd. Improvise. The musical arrangement was normally improvised in the greatest hurry. Tragedy. It's a tragedy that the famous writer died so young. Outbreak. With the outbreak of natural disaster, there has been a massive epidemic sweeping over the region. Plateau. Inflation has reached a plateau. Novel. The engine that became standard on Western steamboats was of a novel design. Decay. The rest of the Organism has decayed. Ave They will explore every Ave until they find an answer. Potency. A medicine may lose its potency if you keep it too long. Benevolent. The club has received benevolent donations nationwide. Consul a causal ceremony will be held to mark this occasion. Acquisition. If other acquisition opportunities come up, we would certainly consider them. Unanimous. This plan got a unanimous consent at the weekly meeting. Ornamental if you are a weekend gardener and don't have an abundance of time to maintain your landscape. Ornamental grasses are the perfect choice. Blunt. Don't drink too much alcohol or it will make all your senses blunt. Credence. They gave no credence to the findings of the survey. Fictitious. All the characters and places in this novel are fictitious. Somber she has a somber expression on her face and I wonder what's the matter with her? Doodle I often doodle when I'm on the phone. Allocate can you tell me what budget you are prepared to allocate for our department? Blurt you must repeat to yourself many times before blurting out the sentences. Cradle The mother puts her baby in a cradle and rocks it too and from. Deceitful. Don't make this deceitful excuse. Again, I won't trust you any more. Aftermath. In the aftermath of the financial crisis, everything changed dramatically. Bleak as bleak as this situation is, we still have reasons to be hopeful. Diminution. The country experienced a diminution of population growth during the 1980s. Metaphor? Here he uses a metaphor to illustrate his arguments. Committee the committee meets once a year. Tropic Heat is transported from the tropics to the middle and high latitudes. Disrupt. An accident has disrupted railway services into and out of the city. Exalted their products, primarily silver plates and bowls, reflected their exalted status and testified to their customers prominence. Octopus. Scientists believe that octopuses began to evolve more than 400 million years ago. Ambience. The manager tries to create a pleasant ambience in the office. Spectacle. The carnival parade was a magnificent spectacle. Voyage. According to the original records of the flight, the voyage lasted 46 minutes. Revitalize. In numerous cities, art is being raised as a symbol of the commitment to revitalize urban areas. Onslaught. In the face of this onslaught, living things have evolved a variety of defense mechanisms. Arid. Arid soils are typically alkaline. Demolish. The human species is altering the physical and chemical world and demolishing the environment. Clam. The little boy was as happy as a clam in high water. Nicotine. Nicotine is a bitter tasting compound that occurs in large amounts in the leaves of tobacco plants. Guideline. The government has drawn up guidelines on the treatment of the mentally ill. Signal. Pheromones signal the ants that the nest has been invaded and must be abandoned. Junction. A major railroad junction in Decatur, IL has become an important commercial hub for the region's farm products and livestock. Abnormal. The warm December weather in northern Canada was abnormal. Sympathy. Expressive leaders often offer sympathy. When someone experiences difficulties. Intellect. As a child sculptor Anne Whitney showed a high level of intellect and artistic talent. Thrifty. The thrifty housewife only buys grocery items that are on sale. Drought. The businessman stored large quantities of grain during periods of drought. Abandon. She and her tribe had to abandon their lands and retreat to Canada. Trivial. Don't bother him with trivial things. Damp. Farmers often squeeze the damp soil into three basic shapes. Staggering. We need a staggering amount of money in the initial investment. Ignorant. The scholar argues that without formal education, people would remain ignorant. Emission. The government has pledged to clean up industrial emissions. Vertebrate? The nervous system of vertebrates is characterized by a nerve cord. Range. This was outside the range of her experience. Emotion. He lost control of his emotions. Stiff her hands had become too stiff to sow. Boost. These innovations in manufacturing boosted output and living standards to an unprecedented extent. Microprocessor. Oceanographer oceanographers use their knowledge of biology, chemistry, physics, and geology to study the seas and oceans. Insanity. Hers is a world of violence, insanity, fractured love, and hopeless loneliness. Successive. The team has won five successive games. Alternate. Dark stripes alternate with pale ones. Bergeon as the number of wage earners in manufacturing rose the number of huge plants in Philadelphia burgeoned. Dull. The game was pretty dull. Stanza it so impressed. Stevens that he was inspired to write a 32 stands of poem entitled The Man with the blue guitar. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

