File: s2tkv-ut1dp.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word list 30. Melody. Ragtime is a kind of music that has a strongly syncopated melody and irregularly accented accompaniment. Launch. The United States government launched a series of weather satellites in 1966. Formulate. Possible solutions to the problem are formulated. Genre. These writers can genuinely be said to have created a genre. Course. His coarse manners angered the teacher. Pitch. A brass or woodwind player may hum while playing to produce 2 pitches at once. Millennium. Over a millennia, the sea had been getting saltier and saltier. Care? Many experts think that the government should take measures to improve medical care. Ivory today, what little fossil ivory remains comes from Alaska. In tail. You should take a little while to think about what that would entail before making your final decision. Wrap. I spent the whole weekend wrapping up the Christmas presents. Ultraviolet lichens are little affected by the strong ultraviolet rays in the mountains. League. When it comes to dancing, you are not in her league. Consonant. The man is behaving with a dignity consonant with his rank. Well heeled it is well known that well heeled people might not be happy. Binary. As I know, most of the computers make use of the binary system. Digitize nowadays digitized maps have been widely used among drivers. Subdivide. Part of the classrooms in this building have been subdivided into students dormitories. Vibrant please keep your cell phone in vibrant mode when the meeting is going on. Pathetic. The little girl's miserable experience and her tears were pathetic to the audiences. Agitate. Nancy was agitated by her ex-boyfriend's appearance at the performance. Generic. Plastic card is a generic term that is used to identify any of the various cards issued to card holders. Defiant the local government received a defiant letter from the terrorists this morning. Placid. After the heavy rain for the whole night, the lake restored its Placid state as before. Gloomy. It was sunny 10 minutes ago, but now it's gloomy. Tangible. Any assumption cannot be included and we can only accept tangible evidence. Chronological please arrange these books on the shelf in chronological order. Extensive. The pavilion on the mountain top has an extensive view. Provoke don't provoke the dog or it will bite you. Diversify. I should try to diversify the hobbies, to enrich my spare time. Overgraze in order to protect the grassland environment, it is not permitted to overgraze ascertain. The famous detective tries to ascertain every case. Criterion. The ability of making money is not the only criteria for success in life. Swoon. Mary swooned into his arms when she knew her child had died in an accident. Monument. This is a monument to all those who died in the Revolution War. Definite. He has no definite plans. Spring. The dog sprang over the ditch. Withdraw. Is it too late for me to withdraw from my music class? Patent. He never tried to patent his discoveries or get wealth from them. Nourishment can plants obtain adequate nourishment from such poor soil? Supplier. His company is a leading supplier of computers in this country. Congressional. William was given the Congressional Medal of Honor because of his great bravery during the war. Interfere. The government shouldn't interfere in private business. Respective. Northerners and Southerners alike threw themselves into the task of supplying their respective armies. Monumental. The concert was a monumental tribute to the orchestras first conductor. Remnant. Most astronomers agree that comets are primordial remnants from the formation of the solar system. Exotic. Leopold was to create a Botanical Garden where only exotic flowers grew. Inherit. She inherited all her mother's beauty. Rivalry. Due to the financial crisis, the rivalry between the two companies grew much more intense. Protest. The students have been protesting against the increasing tuition. Flexible. Sea anemones have flexible bodies. Sacrificial. The temple, located in the city, is the largest surviving sacrificial temple in the world. Rebel. She insists she never started out to be a rebel. Pendant some of the Pomo peoples baskets were completely covered with shell pendants. Tornado. The pressure at the center of a tornado is usually £13 per square inch. Characterize the design elements have come to characterize the age of the skyscraper. Audience. The target audience for this book was mainly women. Pasture the cattle were put out to pasture. Delta. From north to South, the Delta is approximately 160 kilometers in length. Cram. The children all managed to cram into my car. Station. No one can leave his or her station without permission. Precursor. Carbon compounds might have been the precursors of life on Earth. Team the food was found to be teeming with bacteria. Rank for a long time, Cotton ranked first among Alabama's crops, but today it accounts for only a fraction of the agricultural production. Algae. Today Alga are used by humans in many ways, for example as fertilizers, soil conditioners and livestock feed. Divise every year the company devises a new plan. Quit. She wants to quit her job in the chemistry lab. Hinterland doing Hong is located in the hinterland of the Great Desert. Relate. The report seeks to relate the rise in crime to the increase in unemployment. Tutor. The man should hire A tutor before the midterm exam. Domain. All these living things survived in the public domain. Stellar. She gave a stellar performance. Immutable. Adjustments in various places show that this standard is not immutable. Marvel. We all marveled at his courage. Cannibalism. Cannibalism was widespread in the past among humans throughout the world. Continuing into the 19th century in some isolated South Pacific cultures. Fraction. Only a small fraction of all the organisms that have ever lived are preserved as fossils. Syllable? Potato is stressed on the second syllable. Grain. There was at least a grain of truth in this. Diagram. The diagram indicates that there has been a sharp increase in unemployment rate for three months. Scavenger. Scavengers play an important role in the ecosystem by contributing to the decomposition of dead animal and plant material. Multitude. The man used to have a multitude of friends. Lost and found. Is this the right way to the lost and found office? Statistic according to official statistics. More than 5000 people were killed by the disease. Break. He was breaking the speed limit. Impart parents rarely encourage this instinct of attraction by imparting a knowledge of nature to their children. Cautious. Even the most cautious merchants became willing to risk shipping their goods over long distances. Substantiate. The hypothesis was substantiated soon afterward by the discovery. Precious. I know this is precious to you and I'll take good care of it. Entrepreneur. The owner of the company is an American entrepreneur. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

