Word list 11. 
Cowhand he rides a horse like a cow hand. 
Spacecraft. Spacecraft are used for a variety of purposes, including communications, Earth observation, planetary exploration, et cetera.
Disgust The raw fish disgusted me so I left the table.
Lore. She lived alone in the forest, relying on her knowledge of Herblore to survive. 
Meticulous. George is a meticulous man. 
Dawn they arrived in Paris as dawn broke. 
Bruise it looks like you've just bruised the bone on your foot. 
Abut. His land abuts onto a Road. 
Condiment this kind of substance is recognized as a very precious condiment and food preservative. 
Discourage. This rule is likely to discourage people from buying cars. 
Glitter. And old saying goes like this. All that glitters is not gold. 
Indignant? I'm indignant over the treatment I received at this restaurant. 
Amalgamation. The new company was formed by the amalgamation of two small businesses. 
Tortuous? As the saying goes, while the road ahead is tortuous, the future is bright. 
Noteworthy. The sales in the past year has seen no noteworthy growth. 
Dateline.
Refute. One of the best ways to refute a point is to cite examples from your own experiences. 
Antecede she and to seated me in the job. 
Conducive. Doing regular exercise is conducive to good health. 
Deem do you deem this proposal plausible? 
Ripple. The air was so still that there was hardly a ripple on the ponds surface. 
Urbanization. With economic development around the world, urbanization has become a global trend. 
Slash. Many families have to slash spending to cope with inflation. 
Elite. Mark argues that an elite education will cease to be so if it is provided to every one. 
Abolish. The proposal suggests abolishing the national holiday system. 
Breach it is said that he has breached the American privacy laws. 
Derive. The subject of a sculpture should be derived from classical stories. 
Pupil. How many pupils does this school have? 
Condole Mary wrote to Condole with her friend on the death of his father. 
Altruistic. Altruistic behaviour is common throughout the animal Kingdom, particularly in species with complex social structures.
Grill 
saddle I've been saddled with organizing the conference. 
Paralyze those tiny poison threads can paralyze small sea animals. 
Disintegrate. The books printed less than 100 years ago are beginning to disintegrate. 
Tenuous the cord tying the boat to the rock is tenuous. 
Activate if you press the red button near the bottom. It will activate the washing machine. 
Occasional. Auctions were another popular form of occasional trade. 
Court. There wasn't enough evidence to bring the case to the court. 
Scene. Hundreds of police in riot gear were on the scene immediately. 
Inconvenient. The campus bus runs at a really inconvenient time. 
Passion. It's been my passion since I collected my first Lincoln dime in 1971. 
Incompatible after a week together on a field trip, it is obvious that the partners are totally incompatible. 
Metropolis. 
Expose. She did not want to expose her fears and insecurity to any one. 
Register there are two more days to register for the class. 
Deter the cost of construction and the very high risk deterred private investment in this town. 
Occur. Most manufacturing occurred in relatively small plants. 
Enterprise. He works in a private enterprise. 
Chaos. Unprecedented change in the nation's economy would bring social chaos. 
Violent. The American Revolution was not a sudden and violent overturning of the political and social framework. 
Homogeneous in a small community, behavioral norms are more likely to be homogeneous than in a large city. 
Boundary. The neighbors had a long standing disagreement over the boundary. 
Male all the attackers were male, aged between 25 and 30. 
Sheath 
appointment I've made an appointment to see my dentist. 
Exhilarating. The children screamed with delight on the exhilarating carnival ride. 
Fabricate she thought that riders should tell the truth about human affairs, not fabricate romance. 
Artistic. We'll see many artistic works depicting the major events of her life. 
Keen. Their keen senses of hearing and smell have made some types of dogs valuable in hunting and tracking and as security guards. 
Seismology. This event marks the beginning of the modern era of seismology. 
Welfare. The company's welfare officer deals with employees personal problems. 
Gross. The company grossed 4,000,000. 
Edge. He stood on the edge of the Cliff. 
Revert. A glacier can revert to a fluffy mass. 
Appliance. The appliances in the kitchen are all made of stainless steel. 
Slender. Our team won the game by a slender margin. 
Noxious the result is an increased concentration of noxious chemicals in the air. 
Calendar. It's an exhibition of wildlife art calendar from about 100 years ago. 
Quiz. We are quizzed on our views about education. 
Universe the universe is filled with puzzling materials. 
Agreeable. We find Bob agreeable most of the time. 
Grant the bank granted her a loan to cover her school expenses. 
Perception. All the statues along the road seemed perfectly designed for the grand religious perception the local people often had there. 
Ethic. He began to question the ethics of his position. 
Maglev. Maglev will not actually ride on the tracks but will fly above tracks that are magnetically activated. 
Cosmic. The extinction of the dinosaurs was caused by some physical event, either climactic or cosmic. 
Anchor. Her novels are anchored in every day experience. 
Engineering. The bridge is a triumph of modern engineering. 
Crew. None of the passengers and crew were injured in the accident. 
Delay. He delayed telling her the truth, waiting for the right moment. 
Halt work has to come to a halt when the machine goes wrong. 
Staple rubber became the staple of the Malaysian economy. 
Vibrate. The quartz crystal in a heater vibrates at a particular frequency. 
Champion one popular candidate champions tax reform. 
Stimulus. The invention of the steam engine acted as a stimulus to industrial development. 
Attempt. The bird flaps one wing in an apparent attempt to take to the air. 
Mercury. 
Fragrant. The flowers emit a fragrant odor. 
Scar thousands of mine disposal sites scarred the coal rich regions. 
Log. The captain keeps a log. 
Stir. She was stirred by his sad story. 
Refer. She never referred to her daughter again. 
Enthusiasm. I have a real enthusiasm for the work.