graphite. 
Encourage. We encourage all students to volunteer for at least one community activity before they graduate. 
Shuffle. With sore throat and aching chest, the patient shuffled over to the ward. 
Modulate the ability to modulate a chemical signal is limited compared with communication by visual or acoustic means. 
Rebate. The government promised that some companies could get a tax rebate on export at the end of the year. 
Finch. Finches are typically inhabitants of well wooded areas, but some can be found in deserts. 
Nostalgia. The female novelist's work is pervaded by nostalgia for her hometown. 
Pants. My old pair of pants has worn thin at the knees. 
endorse . Mary felt sorry that she couldn't endorse my advice about going out for dinner. 
Fluctuation. Gold prices in the international market are in a period of fluctuation. 
Subsidiary? It is reported that group profit is mainly made by the subsidiaries in the East Asian countries. 
Import as was showed in the table. The import of iron ores went up sharply last year. 
Perquisite the perquisites of the executive management. Include the use of company cars. 
Mortgage. The young couple worked very hard to pay their mortgage on the House. 
Necessity. As a famous saying goes, necessity is the mother of Creation. 
Externality. The investigation aimed at studying the human beings externality to a strange environment. 
Insolvent. With the advent of the financial crisis, some small companies in developing countries became insolvent. 
Lucrative. Kate's husband is determined to look for a lucrative job this year. 
Negotiate. Most of the employees decided to negotiate with the employer about their salary increases. 
Patronize. The football club is often patronized by social celebrities, such as politicians and movie stars. 
Recoup Harry recouped himself for his economic losses by rectifying investments in time. 
Monetary. The Central bank has made a new monetary policy to stimulate the economy. 
Redeem. The political party tried its best to redeem its reputation at a press conference. 
Choir he sings in the school choir. 
Stagnant because of economic crisis. Our companies sale has remained stagnant. 
Basin the Amazon Basin, has a tropical rainforest climate. 
Premise. We should cite some classic examples as premises for our argument. 
Surcharge Tom asked the clerk about the surcharge on the express parcel in the post office. 
Transact. I don't know how to transact the procedure of going on board when traveling by air for the first time. 
Alleviate the drug. Alleviated the pain of Mary's broken leg. 
Rodent. Almost 40% of mammal species are rodents, and they are found in vast numbers on all continents other than Antarctica. 
Punctual. Fred is never punctual. 
dogged she is the recipient of a full scholarship from Harvard and her story is one of dogged determination and achievement. 
Preliminary. All expect a preliminary draft of each paper two weeks before the final due date. 
Transform. The video equipment is capable of transforming raw weather data into words, symbols, and vivid graphic displays. 
Aurora. Auroras are associated with the solar wind. A flow of ions continuously flowing outward from the sun. 
Interstellar. Spiral galaxies are well supplied with the interstellar gas, in which new stars form. 
realm. A successful outcome is not beyond the realm of possibility. 
Consideration. The government should give careful consideration to issues of food safety. 
Aviation great progress was made in the field of aviation during the 1920s and 1930s. 
Manipulate. He accused the government of manipulating public opinion. 
Hammer silversmiths hammered these ingots to the appropriate thickness by hand. 
Synthetic synthetic fibres account for about half of all fiber usage with applications in every field of fibre and textile technology. 
Census. The census provides a useful way of obtaining statistical information about a population. 
Sustain. The Hurricanes have sustained winds of 74 mph and up. 
Clutch. This species lays one and only one clutch of 40 eggs in a lifetime. 
Sensible. The teacher was sensible of the fact that statistics is not a popular subject. 
Target. I thought your article on the school newspaper was right on target. 
Flamboyant the president's flamboyant lifestyle was well known among the citizens. 
Vain. A number of other people commented in a similar vein. 
Jewelry. The old woman wears some lovely pieces of gold jewelry. 
Pack. It is time to pack up my gloves and boots. 
Satellite the Moon is a satellite of the Earth. 
Correspondent for example, a correspondent is expected to provide considerable context to the events being chronicled. 
Resilience. Fostering resilience in children requires family environments that are caring and structured hold high expectations for children's behavior and encourage participation in the life of the family. 
Shower. They were caught in a heavy shower half way. 
Tedious. Professor Lee's lecture was so tedious. 
Charter. The States chartered manufacturing, baking, mining, and transportation firms. 
forefront . I know many of you are already at the forefront of the workplace technology. 
Spun. 
Accessible. Erosion on a hillside may make clay easily accessible. 
Undertake. The printer does not have the skills necessary to undertake large publishing projects. 
Splash. Early advertisements were quite small and subtle, not the splash sheet. Whole page spreads of to day. 
Weave. The history of baskets woven from strips of Willow in the area can date back to the 18th century. 
gull Most gulls keep the nest area clear. 
Prose. Now Gertrude Stein is better known for her prose than for her poems. 
Flint his eyes were as hard as Flint. 
Considerate. What we need is a roommate who is neat and considerate. 
Subdue snakes frequently subdue their prey by injecting poison. 
Extension. The woman asked for an extension on the application deadline. 
Ceramic. Rockingham Ware was one of the most important American ceramics of the 19th century. 
Reactor After World War Two, the US military sought other uses for nuclear reactor technology. 
adhere. Some of the sizable ice crystals adhere to each other to create a cluster of ice crystals or a snowflake. 
Token by the same token, the speech contest, I think, is a success. 
Startling solar experts from around the world monitoring the sun have made a startling discovery. 
Imperative. With the gradual evolution of society's simple counting became imperative. 
Choreograph she went back to her dance company to choreograph more dances. 
Applicable. The new approach was widely applicable to all sorts of different problems. 
Prosper. Over the next decades, the country will prosper and be strong. 
Literature. Maria had the strongest influence on this period of American children's literature. 
Demanding. His current schedule is also very demanding. 
Backhand. After two weeks of tennis lessons, I think I finally managed to improve my backhand. 
Collapse. Numerous houses collapsed as a result of the earthquake. 
Formation I am reading an article about the formation of snowflakes. 
Radar. The issue of terrorism is back on the radar screen. 
Fascinating. Jane's novels provided a fascinating account of social life in 17th century England. 
Catalyst. He is dedicated to being a catalyst for innovation. 
Anomaly. Whether anomalies in Indonesia caused a shorter dry season and damaged farm plants threatening the supply of certain foods. 
Devour it is not surprising that each whale devours more than one ton of krill daily. 
Sculpt the figures were sculpted from single blocks of marble. 
Magnify. The dry summer has magnified the problem of water shortage. 

