farce. Japan has a centuries old tradition of farce plays. 
Lubricant. During that special. Lubricant was not available to common people. 
Dairy while most countries produce their own milk products, the structure of the dairy industry varies in different parts of the world. 
Microwave. Microwave ovens became common kitchen appliances in Western countries in the late 1970s. 
Legislate the state government promised to legislate against drug trade. 
Indict the boy was indicted for murdering his mother. 
Tube. In 1919, he invented the first multiple grid vacuum tube, the tetrode. 
distort. Mark distorted the story, trying to place the blame on his sister. 
Cancel. I had to cancel my appointment with my dentist. I couldn't fit it in. 
Industry. His industry and literary achievement are beginning to be recognized and appreciated. 
Dispute the village chief dealt with land disputes and religious affairs. 
Essay. We'll begin our study by reading the first essay listed in the syllabus. 
Sieve. The old woman's mind feels like a sieve these days. 
Commit. The College is committed to selecting more faculty members. 
auditorium no smoking in the auditorium. 
Transportation. Today I want to mention an even earlier form of transportation, one that brought the first European settlers to America.
Dilute. The doctor told him to bathe his eyes with a very dilute solution of boric acid. 
Plastic. The doors are made of plastic. 
Stack. There is room to stack up the cans of coffee. 
Oval. The island has the shape of an elongated Oval. 
Fabric. Mass transportation revised the social and economic fabric of the American city in three fundamental ways. 
Portray Bret Hart achieved fame with stories that portrayed local life in the California mining camps. 
Babylonian. A considerable amount of Babylonian literature was translated from Sumerian originals. 
Capacity. Does human mental capacity have limitations? 
Blast. He blasted his stereo all night. 
Dispersal. The police received a lot of training in crowd dispersal. 
Partnership. Henry built up his own business in partnership with an American expert. 
Relic the building stands as the last remaining relic of the villages cotton industry. 
Irreverent. The young girl has an irreverent attitude towards marriage. 
Meteorology. Meteorology has application in many diverse fields such as military, energy, production, transport, agriculture and construction. 
Circumference. They have calculated the approximate circumference of the earth. 
Publicize he travels around to publicize his writings. 
Device. Allegory is a literary device by which another level of meaning is concealed within what is usually a story. 
beak. The gull held the fish in its beak. 
Premiere. The premier is reporting on the work of the government in the next year. 
Codify the country is trying to codify the rules on outsourcing.
 Dismal. The dismal Cold day depressed every one. 
Harsh. They believe that iron offers less resistance to fire and harsh weather than traditional materials. 
Volunteer. I'm never going to volunteer to help Janet with the party again. 
Diffuse. A gas forms no free surface, but tends to diffuse throughout the space available. 
Chubby he has a chubby baby face which makes him appear younger than his age. 
Intimate the boss has intimate knowledge of the clients requirements. 
Transcend Murray's essays transcended the boundaries of her world in recognizing the need for training women to earn their own living. 
Hurry. We were hurried into making an unwise choice. 
Venom. The animals most widely known to use venom are snakes. 
Monarchy. There are several constitutional monarchies in Europe. 
Paraphrase. The reporter paraphrased the president's comments. 
Worth we are thinking of taking the kids to the new aquarium this weekend. Do you think it's worth the trip? 
Erratic. The water supply in this city is quite erratic. 
Loyal. We should be loyal to our duty. 
Dinosaur although known for their large size many dinosaurs, were human sized or smaller. 
Hazard. Coral reefs have always been one of the greatest hazards to ships sailing in tropical seas. 
Legitimate. It seems a perfectly legitimate question. 
Recreation. There is a need to improve facilities for leisure and recreation. 
Swindle. The bad guy swindled $1000 from the old woman. 
Collide. What happens when electrons and gas collide in space? 
Oxygen. Liquid oxygen may also be produced by condensation out of air. 
gem. This picture is the gem of his collection. 
Combat. San Antonio, TX offers an important lesson for numerous other cities, combating urban decay. 
Lower. Your heart rate is lowered. 
Avalanche. In mountainous terrain, avalanches are among the most serious hazards to life and property. 
Fierce. Human population near the equator has evolved dark skin over many generations because of exposure to the fiercest rays of the sun. 
Sponsor. Our museum membership will be sponsored by the Professor. 
Cuneiform these inscriptions were written in cuneiform and in two other ancient languages. 
Manifesto the candidate declared a manifesto announcing that he would quit this afternoon. 
Outlaw. Although Robin was an outlaw, he stole from the rich and helped the poor.
 Pact the two sides have made a pact to keep the secret of the boys's birth.
 Reign. Leo is an ambitious man who wants to reign over the country. 
Summon. Summoned the staff on the board to talk about how to deal with pirates. 
Latent. The term latent heat refers to the energy that has to be used to convert liquid water to water vapor. 
Wield. The chairman wielded much power of the party. 
Penalty. The death penalty has been abolished in some countries. 
Verdict. When the judge announced the verdict of not guilty, the defendant wept for joy. 
Reconcile. The two companies were reconciled after one side apologized in public. 
Hurl the luxury express trains that hurl people over spots. Spotlight the romance of railroading. 
Sovereign the Emperor holds the sovereign power in the country. 
Prosecute. The man was prosecuted for drunk driving. 
Blade. The blades of the electric fan are covered with dust. 
Tyrannical. It is said that the new general manager is a tyrannical person. 
Verifiable. Claiming something is true misses the point while presenting verifiable fact proves its correctness. 
Suborn the suspect tried to suborn the witness in order to escape from charges. 
Warrant. Vehicles can get into the city during the Spring Festival. But they must have a travel warrant. 
Irritable. She is irritable when she is unhappy. 
Notion. Subsequent reforms have made these notions seem quite out of date. 
Migrate. When these people migrated from the countryside, they carried their fears and suspicion with them. 
Preside. The teacher who will preside hasn't arrived at the meeting, and everybody is worried about her. 
Slander. Ross was involved in a case of slander. 
Reservoir the book is a reservoir of information about English literature. 

