Wordlist 17 
prevalent. Colds are particularly prevalent in winter in this area. 
Exclude please don't exclude grains from your diet. 
Miserable. I spent a miserable weekend alone at home. 
Algebra. It is here that algebra was further developed. 
Destructive the destructive power of fungi is impressive. 
Projector projectors have been widely used in class in developed countries. 
Circumstance. I know I can trust him in any circumstance. 
Efficient. Comparing the new car to a moderately fuel efficient conventional car, it can go 400 to 700 kilometers on a tank of gas. 
Replicate. The virus replicates by attaching to a cell and injecting its nucleic acid. 
Hazel Hazel is widely distributed throughout much of Europe. 
Reward. My flight was done with no expectation of reward. 
Sewerage about four billion tons of untreated sewerage flows daily into the river.
Even. The two teams were pretty even.
Intense. The metal burned with an intense flash. 
Beam. Live pictures of the ceremony were beamed around the world. 
Crossing. He was arrested by guards at the border crossing. 
Dedication. Abraham Lincoln delivered his most famous address at the dedication of the soldiers cemetery in Gettysburg. 
Rim. Unluckily, his shot hit the rim of the hoop and bounced out. 
Jelly. 
Contain. The committees report contains mistakes. 
Stunt. His illness had not stunted his creativity. 
Frame. In this course we hope to look at literature in the frame of its social and historical context. 
Vast. In the vast majority of cases, this should not be a problem. 
Characteristic. Different types of matter have different characteristics. 
Squash. The statement was an attempt to squash the rumors. 
Announce. It was announced that new speed restrictions would be introduced. 
Dedicate. The man dedicated his life to fighting crime in the city. 
Personal. He doesn't like to ask personal questions. 
Simmer. You are not going to like your new neighbors when you do meet them. If you keep on simmering. 
Mate. They've been best mates since school. 
Entrench sexism is deeply entrenched in our society. 
Acquiesce. I have to acquiesce to his decision even though I have a different opinion. 
ensconce. She ensconced herself in a comfortable armchair. 
Conjure my mother can conjure up a fantastic meal in an hour. 
Middleman I decided to contact the retailers directly without any middleman. 
Secular. Lisa believes in eternal love in this secular world. 
Chromosome. Chromosomes also determine the sex of animals. 
Righteous. The judgment of the Court is true and righteous. 
Audible. I was sitting in the back row of the theatre and the music was barely audible. 
Mellow the mellow wine is as inviting as freshly served desserts. 
Deplore what deplored Jack greatly was his wife left him. 
Laborious. It looks like a long and laborious task. 
Dispel? This experiment would dispel some doubts which students might have about this theory. 
esteem. In this situation, too much self esteem can be very dangerous. 
Singular. People say excellence is not a singular act, but a habit. 
Maternal. The sight of those orphans kindled the woman's maternal instinct. 
Enthusiastic though wonderful speech by the president drew. Enthusiastic applause. 
Alienate you'd better not alienate yourself from your colleagues and friends. 
Fabulous. His descriptions about the things he met during his travels were fabulous. 
Rectify now we have a chance to rectify it and we must take action. 
Circuit. The Earth takes a year to make a Circuit of the sun. 
Mathematics. She had no formal education in mathematics. 
Scuffle it is said that a scuffle broke out between the two teams the night after the match. 
Opposed. They are bitterly opposed to abortion. 
Construct. The Anasazi lived in houses constructed of Adobe and wood. 
Visible. The impact caused an explosion clearly visible from the Earth. 
Juice. Juice 2 lemons. 
Rainfall. There has been below average rainfall this month. 
Mundane. The thinker or philosopher stood apart from this mundane world. 
Granite this building is made of white granite and marble. 
Prescribe. The pills you prescribed are giving me a headache. 
Rare. They are a rare breed. 
Abound. The state abounds in colonial architecture. 
Pure. Is the cup made of pure gold? 
Criticize. The decision to build permanent settlements on the beach was criticized by environmental groups. 
Behave. He behaved like a true gentleman. 
Alumnus we got the alumni to make donations. 
Customs. The customs have seized large quantities of smuggled heroin. 
Memo. Please write a memo to be attached to the notice board when inviting your colleagues to join in the training program. 
Ascend the air became colder as we ascended. 
Press. The event is bound to attract wide press coverage. 
Fiction. Such claims make it difficult for the general public to separate fact from fiction. 
Absorb. This gamma radiation is absorbed by atoms inside the sun. 
Framework. This law will provide a framework for employers and employees to sign a contract. 
Install. This morning the carpenters installed the new kitchen cabinets. 
Plaque there is a rock behind the bushes with a rusty plaque riveted it. 
Hypothesize. One researcher hypothesized that there were two parts to the explanation. 
Tedium. Their ancestors had traditionally relieved the tedium of life. 
Layer. The filling was a soft layer of wool which had been cleaned and separated. 
Deliver. They'll deliver a bucket at no charge.
Versatile. Her unique background made her an unusually interesting and versatile human being. 
Thrive. Fungi thrive in a wide variety of environments. 
Plate. The tanks were mainly constructed of steel plates. 
Anthropology. The science of anthropology is divided into two major disciplines, physical anthropology and cultural anthropology. 
Regardless. Chicago would become a great city regardless of the disadvantageous characteristics of the available site. 
Domestic. At 12, she left home and was in domestic service until 27.
Fume. He sat in the car, silently fuming at the traffic jam.
Pit the champion was pitted against the young contender. 
Quota. The club president announced that each member had a quota of 10 tickets to sell for the talent show.
Barb 
harness the water wheel is a mechanism designed to harness energy from a source instead of animals. 
Opportunity. There was no opportunity for further discussion. 
Initial. The bank manager changed the date of the initial interview. 
Pebble. You are not the only Pebble on the beach. 
Devoid. The hot air is devoid of even the slightest amount of moisture. 
