Scheme. One of the earliest of the schemes was patterned on the human eye. 
Consult. She is consulting with the reference libraria. 
Dispose. Contemporary readers are easily disposed to think of literature only as something written. 
Pulse. The doctor took my pulse. 
Furnace. It's like a furnace here. 
Realization expectation is better than realization. 
Dilemma. I have the dilemma of choosing a new car or a computer. 
Peculiar. Each product had its own peculiar characteristics. 
Morale. Throughout the wilderness, post bands provided entertainment and boosted morale. 
Eminent. An eminent architect will give a lecture to us this afternoon. 
Screen. She methodically screened and cultured scores of soil samples, which she then sent to her partner. 
Valid. The data in your report seems to be valid to me. 
Eject. Some artists came to truly embrace the life in small towns and to eject city life in so called sophisticated society. 
Fidelity. With fidelity to real life and accurate representation, without idealization, the authors studied local dialects. 
Partial. It was only a partial solution to the problem. 
Skip. I'd like to skip the meeting, but I can't just not go. 
Regenerate. The sea cucumber will regenerate itself if it is attacked. 
Bump Starfishes skin is covered with thorny bumps. 
Submarine two submarines, both launched in September 1888, marked the maturing of naval submarine technology. 
Promising. The award subsidizes a promising American writers visit to Rome. 
Domesticate. In ancient times, wild animals were caught and domesticated to serve human beings. 
Staff. A congressional representative needs a large staff. 
Motion. The fish pushes water aside by the forward motion of its head and with a curve of its body and its flexible tail. 
Pathology the boundary lines between normality and pathology are often clearly delineated by medical science. 
Torrent. His article brought a torrent of criticism. 
Concentration. The music can help relieve depression and improve concentration. 
Pocketbook. Many foreign foods are too expensive for American pocket books. 
Kerosene. Kerosene was used to light lamps. 
Smoothly. The interview went smoothly. 
Bulb. The bulb has burned out. 
Reasonable. What do you think would be a reasonable price to pay for a new computer? 
Captive. They were the size of a grain of rice at birth and were the first babies to be produced under the captive breeding program. 
Hospitable. Their climate is more hospitable in the sea. 
Attract. The songs attracted only the young people in the community. 
Pipe. The speech was piped over a public address system. 
Crumple. Jane crumpled the letter up, tore it into pieces, and in the end threw it on the fire. 
Reliance. Such learning methods encourage too great a reliance upon the teacher. 
Bald. He's bald and doesn't need a haircut. 
Extraordinary. Nitinol is one of the most extraordinary metals to be discovered last century. 
Checked. A checked shirt won't look good on the man. 
Jeans. It's all right to wear jeans for a class presentation. 
Stimulate. The lecture stimulated her to study the subject in more depth. 
Benign. The benign climate conditions brought this region a bumper crop. 
Insurance. You can see how insurance helped encourage international trade. 
Economic. In order to comprehend the operation of an economic system, we must deal not only with the things that can be seen, but we also have to give our attention to the things which cannot be perceived directly. 
Maritime. The peopling of the Pacific Islands has been described as the greatest feat of maritime colonization in human history. 
Continent. We are going to spend a weekend on the African continent. 
Fungi. Heatable mushroom, a kind of fungi, has a high value of nutrition and is good for our health. 
Belie. The boy's cheerful manner belied his real thoughts. 
Documentation. The researcher is faced with the problem of primary materials that have little documentation. 
Gender. Feminists challenge the dominant ideologies concerning gender roles. 
Clue? Diet may hold the clue to the cause of migraines. 
Plague. Financial problems are plaguing the company. 
Aggravate. The doctor told the patient not to get angry easily, or it would aggravate the condition of his illness. 
Surpass? Canada surpassed the United States in transportation improvements. 
Curative the curative power of the antibiotics introduced in the 1950s was amazing at the time. 
Previous a library notice was sent to him at his previous address. 
Hereditary. Asthma is hereditary in his family. 
Bosom. The mother pressed her baby to her bosom. 
Calculus. Calculus is also used to gain a more precise understanding of the nature of space, time, and motion. 
Invalid. The treaty was declared invalid because it had not been ratified. 
Cerebral. The old man died from the cerebral hemorrhage. 
Dosage. Do not exceed the recommended dosage. 
Excise. The lump in her brain was successfully excised by the surgeon this afternoon. 
Balm. Tommy's excellent performances on work was truly a bomb to his mother. 
Holistic the holistic solutions are required for the environmental problems. 
Infirm the doctor warned him that he was too infirm to go to work. 
Patient the teacher was so patient that all the students liked her. 
Myopic? Their parents myopic attitude towards gifted education might be responsible for their misconception. 
Optic. The lump in his brain pressed the optic nerve so the patient was blind temporarily. 
Pathological she has a pathological fear of heights. 
Capillary? Capillaries also supply blood to the organs. 
Trench. The oceanic crust is remelted beneath the ocean trenches. 
Deny access to the information was denied to them. 
Costume. The actors were still in costume and makeup. 
Rampant. Due to the climate, the serious disease is rampant in this region. 
Generate. The smoke it generated went out through the main chimney. 
Cassette. Always put the cassette back in its case before storage. 
Neolithic Neolithic peoples were skilled farmers, manufacturing a range of tools necessary for the tending and harvesting of crops. 
Fumigate. The Environmental Protection Agency recommended that the room should be fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas. 
Innovative. Another innovative use for cold ocean water is to cool buildings. 
Counter it may seem to run counter to common sense to say that introducing water into an area can cause it to become more like a desert. 
Flag. The black and white flag went down and the race began. 
Explosive. The balloon was inflated with hydrogen, and unbeknown to the pilot, potentially explosive. 
Pliable. The sheet of plastic becomes very pliable when it is warmed. 
Recipe his recipe for success is perseverance. 