File: 830uu-bn57u.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Wordlist 2. Interior. If a volcano erupts, some of the Earth's interior heat escapes to the surface. Constitution. The students studied the genetic constitution of cells hard. Freeze. Jack caught a fish and dropped it beside him on the ice and it froze solid. Dehydrate. The little girl's body had dehydrated dangerously with the high temperature. Sinuous. They walked along the sinuous course of the river. Alarm. She never wakes up before her alarm goes off. Machinery. The use of farm machinery continued to increase. Expect. I wonder where the books I ordered are. I expected to receive the package several days ago? Anticipate. The test was much harder than he had anticipated. Critic the coal industry has been targeted by critics as a significant contributor to the greenhouse effect. Instinctual. We must completely understand and be aware of its instinctual behavior. Uncanny. The magician says it doesn't end here, and the uncanny part is yet to come. A rest. The suspect was put under arrest by the police. Sprinkle sprinkle some pepper on the dish when it's done. Orthodox the Orthodox Thanksgiving dinner must have Turkey and pumpkin pie. Preliterate in preliterate societies. Oral literature was widely shared. It saturated the society and was as much a part of living as food, clothing, shelter or religion. Nominal. Frank is only a nominal chairman. The real work is done by others. Certitude the old man told me, with absolute certitude, there was a shoe shop on the corner. Hustle. I hate the hustle and bustle of the city life. Fake. This email is fake, I'm sure it's not sent by Mark. Ingrave the teacher told us to engrave these rules on our minds. Prohibit. The government introduced a new law to prohibit smoking in public. Amage many people came to pay homage to those soldiers who died in the war. Dramatize he intended his novel to dramatize the relationship between sense and sensibility. Infatuate the part that makes people infatuate Barbie the most is her countless beautiful clothes. Exclusive. The two options are not mutually exclusive. Senegal. With a cynical view, the young man is easily to go to extremes. Discriminate. You must learn to discriminate right from wrong. Associate. I don't like you associating with those boys. Spare. I don't know if I could spare the time. Database. You can't use the figures from the database because it is flawed. Proclaim. Advocates of organic foods frequently proclaim that such products are safer and more nutritious than others. Level. I just had to get his signature to take an upper level seminar. Controversy. Perry's claim was surrounded by controversy. Oppose. Politicians rarely opposed the government's generous support of business owners. Toxic. Some plant tissues contain a diverse array of toxic or potentially toxic substances. Lead. For some students, these part-time jobs could lead to full-time work after graduation, as they may offer experience in their own fields. Rust proof. Stainless products are so popular because they are rust proof. Sunlit icebergs are graceful, stately, inspiring in calm, sunlit seas. Profession. She was a teacher by profession. Hey. Vegetarian. Obtaining enough protein in the diet is especially important for vegetarians. Column. I always read his column in the magazine. Microbe microbes are one of the oldest forms of life on Earth. Homestead. The original Homestead Act was signed into law by President Abraham Lincoln in 1862. Canyon. The Grand Canyon was considered a barrier to travelers. Portraiture many innovations in the various forms of portraiture evolved during this fertile. Alloy Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc. Microscopic. Compared with a mountain, the rock is microscopic. Verse. Walt Whitman originated a distinctive form of free verse. Credential. None of the people who applied for the job has the required credentials. Towering towering skyscrapers cast long shadows at dusk. Preventive? The basic fact has been the most pervasive influence in determining the social arrangements and cultural practices of the people. Lush several began to paint large, lush still lifes of flowers, fruit or both. Igneous intrusive igneous rocks are formed from magma that cools and solidifies within the crust of a planet. Salient. He pointed out the salient features of the new design. Rescue. We only try to rescue the most valuable first edition books in our collection. Acquire they just acquired a starting capital of $900,000. Geometry. I had the wrong date for my geometry test. Inner. The drama reflected the inner frustrations of the dramatist. Combine. In public ceremonies, singing is combined with dancing and with music from a variety of instruments. Shrivel. The hot weather had shriveled the leaves on the plants. Infancy. In the Earth's infancy, its surface was warm enough for life. Syrup. The syrup may also be sugar free. Hemp. It is illegal to grow hemp in the United States, although some related medicines are legally imported. Ethical. In this positive ethical viewpoint, George tries to support the opinion that human beings should live in harmony with nature. Weed. The yard was overgrown with weeds. Trend. Other trends and inventions had also helped make it possible for Americans to vary their daily diets. Motivate. The students need to be motivated. Dilate the doctor, told me red wine could help to dilate my blood vessels. Peak. After the peak year of 1957, the birth rate in Canada began to decline. Homing many birds have a remarkable homing instinct. Flagellum many bacteria lack flagella and cannot move about by their own power. Intricate as city is more intricate than a village. Tournament. I almost forgot to tell you about the all day volleyball tournament going on. Advocate they advocate the use of masonry in the construction of skyscrapers. Crush the weight of a tornado can crush a building's roof when it passes overhead. Ingredient. Though weather map became an essential ingredient in the redesign of the American newspaper. Terminal. You'd be better off calling the terminal for a new schedule. Rub. If you rub some soap on that drawer, it might stop sticking. Mighty. This circumstance was mitigated by the Mighty River and lake systems. Accident. According to the new statistics, one in seven accidents is caused by drunken drivers. Inflammation. The connection between inflammation and heart disease, arthritis, and other chronic ailments has become increasingly clear. Shield. The mountains surrounding Los Angeles effectively shield the city from the heat. Mammoth. The mammoth statue known as the Statue of Liberty is located in New York. Nightmare. The journey turned into a nightmare when they lost their wallet. A cord. An accord with the labor union was reached at about midnight. Versus it is England versus Brazil in the final. Musician. Even great musicians require constant practice. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

