radioactive. Radioactive waste disposal practices have changed substantially over the last 20 years. 
Incapacitate Helen's poor sight incapacitates her for working as a taxi driver. 
Potassium in corporate. When hypothesis are confirmed, they are incorporated into theories. 
Crippling. Despite the advances in the Medical Sciences, there are still many crippling diseases that affect people. 
Slip. His hat had slipped over one eye. 
Impending Some members of the flock warn others of impending dangers. 
Decline. Her mother's health was declining rapidly. 
Pepper many people like adding white pepper to their dishes. 
Bisin. Due to commercial hunting and slaughter in the 19th century, the bison nearly went extinct. 
Gist I cannot understand the gist of this complicated reading material. 
Hypothetical. I must emphasize that this is only a hypothetical case. 
Illustrative. This example is illustrative of the issue we are discussing. 
Perspicuous such solutions were more manageable, more perspicuous, and can be applied. 
Intern these days as an intern made me feel the hardship of working. 
Rigorous. You could be more rigorous when you take the test. 
Skim. You must skim through the play quickly, for you have forgotten the plot. 
Podium. Upon hearing my name, I nervously inched my way to the podium. 
Subordinate from primary school, we learn that we should subordinate personal interests to that of the collective. 
Swap. This comic book was a swap that I got from my friend Tom. 
Transcribe clerks transcribe everything that is said in court. 
Abby. The Stone Abbey was built around 1045 to 1050 by the king as part of his palace. 
Batter severe winds have been battering the East Coast. 
Landing. The voyage lasted 46 minutes from its departure in Philadelphia to its landing across the Delaware River. 
Syllabus. The syllabus aims at arousing curiosities and interests in children, to share their ideas and experiences. 
Brag. The captain said after winning the match, I don't want to brag about myself and this victory belongs to everyone. 
Curtsy the ballerina curtsied to the audience before leaving the stage. 
Feast Mark thinks this movie is a good one because there are many pretty girls that he can feast his eyes on. 
Gorge. After a long journey, she started to gorge herself on chocolate biscuits. 
Lope the dog Loped along beside the old man. 
Systematize. The aim of science is to amass and systematize knowledge. 
Disturb. If you get up early, please do not disturb everyone else. 
Envelope. Look, I got a letter from my cousin Jeff in Alaska. Can I get the return address from the envelope? 
Monitor. The students progress is closely monitored. 
Submit the application must be submitted by the 20th of May. 
Palate. He has no Palate for red wine. 
Manage. She wasn't able to manage the project well. 
Squabble. The girls were squabbling over what to watch on TV. 
Recommend. He doesn't recommend going to Central Mountain. 
Compatible. This project is not compatible with the company's long term plans. 
Unity. Monet and his 29 fellow artists in the exhibit adopted the same name as a badge of their unity. 
Parliament. Parliament is open to all members of the UK Public and overseas visitors. 
Mere. From mere spectators, they became willing passengers and finally pilots in their own right. 
Hive. The IT department is being hived off into a new company. 
Tempt. The government designs a new program to tempt young people into teaching in poor areas. 
Resort. A woodworker can join a chest together without resorting to nails or glue. 
Ravine. A ravine is narrower than a Canyon. 
Meteorologist many radio and television weather forecasters are professional meteorologists, while others are merely reporters with no former meteorological training. 
Vocation. The guidance counselor helps the student choose a vocation. 
Crevice crevice corrosion usually occurs at narrow openings or spaces between 2 metal surfaces. 
Trial. The man will stand trial for murder. 
Contest. 4 candidates contested the leadership. 
Recognize. She didn't recognize the man because of his haircut. 
Split. A bolt split the sky. 
Counteract. Antacid will counteract the excess acid in your stomach. 
Validity. Employees must confirm the validity of a contract when signing it with employers. 
Receiver. He's more of a giver than a receiver. 
Facility. The dormitories have limited cooking facilities. 
Infection. Many individuals develop a variety of infections in their lifetime, but quickly overcome them. 
Crater. After the volcano erupted, lava domes formed inside the new crater. 
Balcony. Please keep the balcony door shut. 
Strike. The small village was struck by an outbreak of cholera. 
Chunk the impact caused the cores of the two planets to melt together, and chunks of Earth's crust to be thrown out into space. 
Sac 
scratch. Mind you, don't scratch the table with those scissors. 
Vaccine. She was criticized for developing the risky vaccine. 
Paramount. Tradition is paramount and change comes in frequently and slowly. 
Version. That rather romantic version of the story is not what actually happened. 
Aesthetic. One of the oldest types of aesthetic theory is that of formalism. 
Provincialism while reflecting on provincialism. It is also important to rethink about the citizenship in a multiethnic multicultural context. 
Sharply profits fell sharply following the takeover. 
Colonize. The area is colonized by flowering plants. 
Extrinsic today, the professor will introduce a couple of technical terms, extrinsic value and intrinsic value. 
Authorize. I'm not authorized to give out this kind of information. 
Margin. Predators find it easier to catch small birds perching at the margins of the roost. 
Disadvantage. There are many disadvantages to his plan. 
Surplus. Surpluses of food could also be bartered for other commodities. 
Harmonic the untrained human ear typically does not perceive harmonics as separate notes. 
Saturn. Though there is no direct information about Saturn's internal structure, it is thought that its interior is similar to that of Jupiter. 
Acoustic. I don't think the most ardent supporters of electronic instruments expect them to completely replace acoustic instruments. 
Disprove the theory has now been disproved. 
Mosaic. Mosaic is the art of closely setting small colored pieces such as stone or glass, into a surface to create a decorative design. 
Insert. Now use your hands to insert the keys in the locks. 
Aloof. You should not keep yourself aloof from the poor. 
Simulate. The computer program simulated the effects of aging. 
Funding. I think I'd like to bring up government funding for state universities. 
Persuasive. You'll have to be a lot more persuasive if you want to convince the committee to accept your proposal. 
Render. Rapid ecological changes may render serious damage to a species. 
Influenza 3 influenza pandemics occurred in the 20th century and killed 10s of millions of people. 
Advanced. They were an advanced agricultural people who used irrigation to help grow their crops. 
Destruction. Some citizens in New York seek to rescue historic buildings from destruction. 
