File: vt7kb-697dy.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word list 38. External a combination of internal and external factors, caused the company to close down. Altitude plants cannot move water to high altitudes. Pursuit the peregrine Falcon has been clocked at 140 to 200 mph in successful pursuit of prey. Vertical. There are both horizontal and vertical movements in air. Rigid. The curriculum was too narrow and too rigid. Flavor. This salad needs something to give it more flavor. Priority. The system gives priority to the students who have been here the longest. Radiate. He radiated self-confidence. Glacier the glaciers that reached the Pacific Coast were valley glaciers. Position. In the rising wind, the boys have positioned themselves to counterbalance the tilt of the boat as it speeds along in a choppy sea. Beach. Geologists have found that sea walls actually speed up the destruction of the beaches. Assistant. Bob was quickly sacked, and one week later, Friedman chose Joe as assistant general manager. Comedy. The 1950s saw the decline of past comedy stars and a certain pacity of new talent in Hollywood. Overlap. The end of the first scene overlapped the beginning of the 2nd. Nurture? We want to nurture the new project, not destroy it. Militant. The leader of a militant group was arrested by the police. Continuum. The development of jazz can be seen as part of the larger continuum of American popular music, especially dance music. Virtuous. If we are going to discuss goodness and justice, what makes an individual good or a society just or virtuous? Then we need to start with the ancient Greeks. Addictive it is said that marijuana is psychologically, though not physically addictive. Helmit you'd better check the name list again to make sure there is no one omitted from it. Illusion. They brush away illusions and second hand opinions. Household. She was almost household throughout much of her lifetime because of her prolific literary output. Chronicle. Asthma is chronicle and very common. Methane? The relative abundance of methane makes it an attractive fuel. Ironic. Maybe the most ironic example of human behavior that can lead to desertification is irrigation. Compute. The losses caused by the drought were computed at $2 million. Preponderance. The new world butterflies make up the preponderance of examples because they are the most familiar species. Reschedule. The International Conference had to be rescheduled due to several countries absence. Genuine. Only genuine refugees can apply for asylum. Leak. The faucet started leaking. Grazing grazing is very beneficial to the ecosystem. Crucial. How salt became so crucial to our metabolism is a mystery. Instance. The report highlights a number of instances of injustice. Overtime. My boss keeps asking me to work overtime. Physiology. Anatomy and Physiology are closely related fields of study. Lava. Evidence of this is the molten lava that flows out of volcanoes. Deserve the man deserves the grade he received. Grocery. It was sold in grocery stores and door to door. Captivity. The bird had escaped from captivity. Pronounced. A pronounced division of Labor exists, leading to the establishment of many specialized professions. Bouquet. The students put a large bouquet of roses and lilies in front of the monument. Endeavour Susan endeavors to get better grades in college. Submission. I was so excited to finally see my work in print. It was my third submission. Where? He travelled from town to town, selling his wares. Conclusive. Is the research about the link between coffee and heart disease conclusive? Jaw. Retreat. She and her tribe had to retreat to Canada. Squid. Adventure. He has had many adventures along the way, lost instruments, missed connections, no hotel room, and so on. Denote. A very high temperature often denotes a serious illness. Stew. I've been stewing over the problem for a while. Incoming. The traffic accident happened when a bus collided with an incoming truck. Rupture. The change in volume may cause the lungs to distend and even rupture. Patriarchic the dominance of patriarchic structures in Kenyan politics and society is well illustrated by the low number of women among the members of Parliament, MP's. Suppress Alder trees. Can't suppress the growth of nearby trees? Depredation the depredations of war, can still be seen several years after the event. Racing. He was one of the greatest racing drivers of all time. Handle. I'm taking six classes and doing a part time job. That's about all I can handle right now. Operate. It's important that you all understand that quartz heaters operate on a totally different principle with common convection heaters. Hugh. They may be glassy blue or in darker hues. Rhythm. The boat rocked up and down in rhythm with the sea. Permission. You must ask permission for all major expenditures. Catastrophe. The senior UN official says there is still time to avert a catastrophe in the Horn of Africa, where 8,000,000 drought victims are threatened with famine. Deliberate. Every step in the process was slow and deliberate. Presidency. The Whig Party decided to nominate him for the presidency. Independent. Two independent research bodies reached the same conclusion. Handfull only a handful of people attended the meeting. Yelp? The kid likes to tread on his puppy's paw, which always makes it Yelp. Fortify. Father wore a heavy coat to fortify the cold weather. Muse. The famous writer felt that his muse had deserted him. Check oil. My father used to tickle my feet when I was young. Contemplate. The boss is contemplating a visit to Mexico this vacation. Intelligible. The story he told was hardly intelligible. Mortify the boy was beaten by his little brother, so he felt mortified. Deviant. Mark is a deviant, so he has no friends. Patriarchy. Feminists are against patriarchy. Intreat this is the first and also the last time I entreat a favor from you. Loathe. Unlike other children, in his age, Tom is loathe to go out to play with friends. Cordial. Everybody likes honey because she keeps a cordial smile on her face all the time. Derivation. The derivation of many Japanese words are from Chinese characters. Gleam. A young couple took a walk by the sea shore with the gleam of moonlight. Clench the strong man was clenching his fists and trembling with rage. Provocative although Tim gave his provocative remarks on this issue, no one wanted to respond to him. Quash finally, the judge quashed a verdict. Filial? Filial piety is considered the first virtue in Chinese culture, and it is the main concern of a large number of stories. Tempo. The tempo of life in big cities is so fast that my grandpa is not used to it. Rouse the alarm doesn't seem to work because I am always roused by my mother's yelling. Brochure. This brochure provides you with accurate information about the new services. Conduct. He found the copper used was not effective in conducting heat. Faculty. The old man has a faculty for saying the right things. Hint. Our counselors will give you hints about successful interviewing. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

