Fold many butterflies can suddenly disappear from view by folding their wings. 
Discreet Lisa's plan contains several discreet ideas. 
Courier. A Courier can deliver the parcels and letters to our office. 
Sculpture. In Japan, countless paintings and sculptures were made under governmental sponsorship. 
Polygamy. In ancient China, polygamy acted for a couple of 1000 years. 
Despise. A tattle tale is often despised by his classmates. 
Trumpet. Mothers often like to trumpet their own way to nurture and educate their children. 
Convene the chairman, convened all the members to the meeting room. 
Babble. I hate people babbling so please speak out loud and clear. 
Canopy the trees formed a canopy over the yard. 
Reproduce they've learned how to reproduce these cells. 
Notable. The notable writer will visit a big bookstore to publicize his new book. 
Subjective. You might deal with something in a subjective way, but you must analyze it in an objective way first. 
Tolerable. Although the man can't earn so much money, his loving wife and lovely daughter make his life tolerable. 
Exclaim. The widow exclaimed helplessly and nobody knew what had happened to her.
Contradictory. The opinions the manager received from his employees were contradictory. 
Anomalous? The transfer student was anomalous because he was the only border in the class. 
Dissent. Two sides from the debate have their strong dissents to each other's opinions. 
Tender. How flock of sheep are roaming on the ground and looking for tender grass? 
Derivative petroleum is not original and it's an organic derivative. 
Bolt. The accident on her birthday is like a bolt from the blue to her parents. 
Calamitous. The underground space collapsed in the explosion, with calamitous results. 
Surmise. All of these reasons are pure surmise on Joe's part. 
Affluent the man is not a lounge lizard, although he lives in an affluent family. 
Superimpose father superimposed the newspaper on the keys so mother couldn't find them. 
Congest. The buses and private cars congested in rush hour. 
Recollection. After the accident, the little boy had no recollection at all of his childhood. 
Congratulation please accept my congratulation on your marriage. 
Ageism. Ageism has significant effects on the elderly and young people. 
Pilot. In a pilot reclamation project, they tested the growth possibilities of eight species of plants. 
Debut. He made his debut album in 2000. 
Script. That line isn't in the original script. 
Consent. We are fortunate that he's consented to share some of his experiences with us. 
Directory. The 20 page directory was issued in November of 1878, just two years after Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone. 
Orchid. The leaves of some orchids are considered ornamental. 
Convince. She convinced the man to apply to Graduate School. 
Ardent. Christina was extremely ardent in her admiration for the professor. 
Convection. A heater is using convection. When it warms the air in a room. 
Hollow. The man is destroyed by his own hollow values. 
Vague. How vague air of mystery envelops them. 
Antibiotic. Now we have lots of antibiotics that kill bacteria. 
Rinse rinse the cup out before use. 
Nevertheless. She nevertheless urged men to educate their daughters and to treat their wives as equals. 
Insult. He insulted her by calling her a stupid fool. 
Cabin. 19th century cabins used as dwellings were occasionally plastered on the interior. 
Gourmet. Over the last few years, a trend has been developing to introduce blended coffees known as gourmet coffee, into the American market. 
Insect. Some insects are considered ecologically beneficial, and a few provide direct economic benefit. 
Productivity. Wage rates depend on levels of productivity. 
Surgeon. Although a large number perform general surgery, many surgeons choose to specialize in a specific area. 
Govern. Laws are governing the printing industry. 
Strategy. It's all part of an overall strategy to gain promotion. 
Average. The new designed train runs at an average speed of 120 mph. 
Postcard I received a postcard from London. 
Mount. Blankets of snow and ice, grains mounted layer upon layer. 
Corporate Sarah used to teach psychology, but now she is a corporate statistician. 
Distasteful the teachers manners were distasteful to every student in the class. 
Medieval. The museum had an exhibit of medieval armor last month. 
Clamor. The clamor from the backyard drew us out of the house. 
Relevance as you prepare to become elementary school teachers. You'll be hearing a lot of discussion about the relevance of teaching penmanship. 
Biochemical. Enzymes are what make many of the bodies biochemical reactions possible. 
2nd. Since I got the news at second hand, I cannot vouch for its veracity. 
Assistance. The old man can walk only with the assistance of crutches. 
Modeling in sculpture. The term modeling denotes a way of shaping clay wax or other pliable materials. 
Laundry. The Dormitory Laundry service gives out clean sheets each week. 
Spew. We assume that volcanoes spewed out the same gases. 
Orbital. Orbital resonances greatly enhanced the mutual gravitational influence of the bodies. 
Generalization. The speech is full of sweeping generalizations. 
Inheritance. Demon and his twin brother entered on their inheritance when they were only 21. 
Detect these experiments were designed to detect consciousness. 
Preference. He has no reading preferences. 
Subliminal. The form of subliminal advertising is illegal in some countries in Europe. 
Blame. The report blames leaders neglect of duty for milk powder with poor quality. 
Shape. The government provides money in the shape of grants and student loans. 
Hemisphere. Columbus returned to Spain from the Western Hemisphere. 
Squirrel however, some squirrels also consume meat, especially when faced with hunger. 
enforce. Doctor White enforces strict deadlines on lab work. 
Pollen the individual pollen grains are small enough to require magnification to see details. 
Institute. The government instituted a 35 hour work week. 
Spark. The proposal will spark a storm of protest on campus. 
Chain. Alji are the base of the aquatic food chain, which means the other organisms depend on them for food. 
Monotonous factory work is less creative and more monotonous. 
Rattle every time a train went past the windows rattled. 
Similar. We have very similar interests. 
Embarrass the question about private life embarrassed the movie star. 
Outfit. I wish these shoes matched my outfit. 
Brand. The newspaper branded the president a dictator. 
Economical. My mother is economical in all areas of her life. 
Distinguish. These three kinds of meteorites can usually be distinguished by density. 
Artisan. Artisans were the dominant producers of goods before the industrial revolution. 
Elliptical. The motion of stars in elliptical galaxies is predominantly radial. 
Mint. They identified the city where the penny was minted. 

