apologize. Our Sports Center apologizes to every customer who makes a complaint about service. 
Colleague the Prime Minister and his Cabinet colleagues refused to accept the proposal. 
Pump. The Sequoia tree can pump water to its very top more than 100 metres above the ground. 
Exempt you are not exempt from the rules. 
Marine. The southwestern coastal region has a humid, mild marine climate. 
Bored. He has a seat on the Board of Education. 
Immature. This tomato plant is still immature. 
Orientation. My job is providing orientation for new campus staff. 
Aggressive. A successful businessman must be aggressive. 
Cling. The baby clung to its mother. 
Output. We must increase our output to meet the public's demand. 
hostile The citizens were hostile to the reports conclusions. 
Resolve. It took forever to resolve the problem with the account. 
Tile. 
Undertaking interviewing all the residents in town on their TV viewing habits is quite an undertaking for such a short term project. 
Transmit communications satellites can transmit data around the world. 
Sloth. 
Popular. Subsequently, the fashion industry largely returned to longer skirts such as the Middy and the Maxi. However, many skirts remained popular. 
Furry the African grass mouses furry stripe is like a chipmunks which helps it blend in with its environment. 
Restraint. The government has imposed import restraints on some products. 
Luminosity. Scientists use this measurement when measuring the luminosity of other stars. 
Outermost. He fired and hit the outermost ring of the target. 
slight Life resembles in only a slight degree to the popular image of it. 
Butter. 
Vegetative. For this kind of plant, botanists still depend on vegetative reproduction. 
Plasma. 
Swarm. One of these migrating swarms was estimated to contain 124 billion locusts. 
Locomotion the terrace sours rely on wind power for their locomotion. 
utmost . The clay used in prehistoric pot making was invariably selected with the utmost care. 
Dignity. Many poor people struggle to maintain their dignity. 
Spot. Chick Webb spotted her in an amateur competition when she was 16. 
Rudimentary. Many animals are capable of using objects in the natural environment as rudimentary tools. 
Bud. The tree is in bud already. 
Remainder my son ate part of his cake and I ate the remainder. 
Depend. He was the sort of person you could depend on. 
Slumber. The baby fell into a deep and peaceful slumber. 
Complement. The myths and songs complemented our historical knowledge of the lives of animals and of people here. 
Strive. Like all artists, jazz musicians strive for an individual style. 
Figure. These figures still don't add upright. Let's do the calculations over again. 
Credit. What should be credited with inventing the steam engine? 
Spaghetti. 
Outcry if the government continues to build a large parking lot in this area. There will be a great outcry among the local people. 
Retain. If suddenly cooled, the object retains the shape achieved at that point. 
Inertia. The car made use of inertia to move several meters on the pavement. 
Liquefy the researchers, find it very hard to liquify this substance at a relatively low temperature. 
Shrimp 
editorial did you read the editorial in the paper about the mayor's speech? 
Assimilate. Such kinds of foods are assimilated much more easily than others. 
Focus. We shall maintain our focus on the needs of the customer. 
Soybean. Many farmers prefer not to sell their soybeans due to the low price. 
Annoyed. She's annoyed with the man. 
Banner. Banners are used in many business ventures marketing to their potential customers. 
Factor. I believe the first key factor to success is confidence. 
Infiltrate the thick smoke has infiltrated through the window into the bedroom. 
Leech. Farmers scattered the fertilizer over the farmland, which was leeched into the ground after rain. 
Momentum. The Red team began to gain momentum in the first half of the game. 
Odorous odorous smells hang about a group of homeless children. 
Percolate. The news that the general manager will resign is percolating through the firm. 
Supersonic. It is reported that the country is developing supersonic aircraft in secret. 
Thermal. Jane's mother bought her a suit of thermal underwear as her birthday present. 
Coefficient. This kind of liquid is considered having a variable coefficient of expansion. 
Differential. Most of the students in our class don't know how to solve the differential equation. 
Vaporize. When water is heated above 100 degrees Celsius, molecules of water begin to vaporize. 
Waggle when a dog meets its owner. It often greets him by waggling its tail. 
Approximation. I think what the professor said in class is an approximation of my idea. 
Bisect Jim, bisected a big red apple and gave them to two children. 
Calculable the loss caused by the serious earthquake is not calculable each year. 
Ellipse. 
Dividend. The boss of our company declared to give every employee a large dividend at the annual meeting this year. 
Formula. Several students are trying to understand this difficult mathematical formula. 
Weathering. Most of the fossils exposed on Earth's surface are destroyed by weathering processes. 
Tarnish exposure to the open air tarnished the Silver Bull. 
inquire. The applicant inquired about meeting the other manager. 
Extrapolate. A good leader can extrapolate future development direction of the company from present conditions. 
Remains. She fed the remains of her lunch to the dog. 
Flexibility. Computers provide employees with a great degree of flexibility in the way work is organized. 
Mural 
balance winds are the natural way of balancing uneven distribution of air pressure over the earth. 
Telegraph. They tinkered with the wireless Telegraph, hoping to find out the problem. 
Privilege. The aliens and Hamiltons of Philadelphia introduced European art traditions to those colonists privileged to visit their galleries. 
Chart. We can chart the history of innovation in musical notation. 
Scan. The patient's brains are scanned so that researchers can monitor the progress of the disease. 
Congress. Congress will vote on the proposals to Morrow. 
Amenity. The little dog immediately found the amenity of its new surroundings. 
Pretension the movie mocks the pretensions of the upper class. 
Sensual. The purpose of a poem need not inform the reader of anything, but rather to evoke feelings to create a sensual, pleasing experience. 
Grimly. It was a long way, but he trudged along grimly. 
Mechanics. We've been talking about mechanics and then we still have a few minutes. 
Presentation. I need to get in touch with Bill about tomorrow's presentation. 
Refurbish. Once the hotels refurbished, it could start to attract people to our town again. 
Ancient. What does the professor say about ancient Greeks who travelled South?

