Bounce. The basketball bounced off the backboard and missed the basket. 
Graphics. Students are asked to prepare texts and graphics separately and then combine them. 
Regulate. They regulate their temperature by making a variety of internal adjustments. 
Pause. Our pause gives the listener time to think about what was just said. 
elusive a solution to the problem of toxic waste is proving elusive. 
Giraffe although generally quiet and nonvocal giraffes have been heard to communicate with various sounds. 
Limitation. Any limitation to the King's power could be permanent. 
Assortment she was dressed in an odd assortment of clothes. 
Predominate. Red and yellow predominate in these flowers. 
Reproach the girl reproached her brothers for ruining her birthday party. 
Gratify. The parents were very gratified at their daughter's growth and progress. 
Pharaoh how pharaoh in ancient Egypt is the counterpart of emperor in ancient China? 
Circulate. You should keep your feet above your heart a few minutes each day to make blood circulate better. 
encroach after the old man died, the step son encroached on his whole property. 
Glorious. There is always a glorious sunset near the sea by poets. 
Focal. Jack's focal point on study in this semester is to take TOEFL and get a high mark. 
Toady. Tom hates to toady to others, but he does act as a toady. 
Hearsay. It's just hearsay, so don't believe it. 
Ambivalent. People often keep an ambivalent attitude towards white lies. 
Momentary the criminal had a momentary hesitation before he answered the question. 
Lofty the mountain climbers are going to conquer this lofty mountain. 
Scrupulous. This job requires some one very scrupulous and careful. 
Nimble the team needs a leader who has a nimble mind. 
Perpetual. The perpetual snow of the Arctic began to melt. 
Antecedent. It is a great curiosity that who is human beings antecedent on Earth. 
Extinguish. Please extinguish your cigarette because this is a non-smoking zone. 
Dote. It is common that grandparents dote on their grandchildren. 
Consecutive. I am very tired because this is the third consecutive weekend that I've worked overtime. 
Liberal. Toms Liberal thoughts brought him much inspiration. 
Rental. I'll get in contact with a rental house company to rent an apartment. 
Skeletal I have written only a skeletal plot for the book. 
Tough. He's as tough as nails. A good man to have on the mountain rescue team. 
Clump. He got a clump of soil from the edge of a cow pasture. 
Poetry. He knows how to appreciate poetry. 
Repertoire. All teachers have a variety of techniques and activities that they regularly use their repertoire. 
Imitate. The author indicates that children imitate their parents. 
Exploit. As preeminent generalists, members of this species exploit a great range of habitats and resources. 
Proof. These results are a further proof of her outstanding ability. 
Rally they have rallied a great deal of support for their campaign. 
Specify. The regulations specify that calculators may not be used in the examination. 
Genetic. What type of Amber is probably the most valuable for genetic research? 
Eliminate. Certain species may be eliminated and others may survive for no particular reason. 
Scatter. Over 25,000 islands are scattered across the surface of the Pacific. 
Desperate his failure made him desperate. 
Proliferate. Books on this subject have proliferated over the last year. 
Errand. I have to pick up my car and do a couple of errands. 
Horde. There are hordes of traitors at the jumble sail to day. 
Literacy Franklin's newspaper was especially significant because literacy was increasing at the time. 
Coverage. Channel 5 will provide live coverage of tonight's hockey game. 
Subsidy. The government decided to reduce the level of agricultural subsidies. 
Evidence. Emotional health is evidenced in the voice by free and melodic sounds of the happy. 
Vivid. Garland gave a vivid description of Julie Peterson. 
Suspension. The suspension of trading on the grain exchange was justified. 
Cape. The need for ships to round the Cape Horn was greatly reduced by the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914. 
Generalize. Algebra generalizes certain basic laws. 
Sled. We were hoping we could go sledding. 
Current birds use warm air currents to help their flight. 
Vital. This temperature gradient may be vital to successful hatching. 
Besiege. Almost daily the public is besieged by claims for no aging, diets, new vitamins and other Wonder Foods. 
Media. Popular media often distort such stories. 
Commodity by the 1940s, her paintings had become a very precious commodity. 
Introduction. I've got to take an introduction to poetry before. 
Scout we scouted the village for somewhere to stay the night. 
Herd. Don't follow the herd. 
Abrupt Most paleontologists suspect that abrupt changes in climate led to the mass extinctions. 
sew My grandmother taught me how to sew when I was very young. 
Buck he admired her willingness to buck the system. 
avert a fresh tragedy, was narrowly averted yesterday. 
Graph. They should look for another graph immediately. 
Shuttle. A bus shuttles passengers back and forth from the station to the terminal. 
Transparent. Jellyfish may be large enough to be seen, but they are transparent. 
Sake. I believe education for its own sake. 
Flap. The flags are flapping in the breeze. 
Horizon. Though farmers, broader horizons and greater self respect were reflected to some degree in their behavior. 
Sauce. Sauces are an essential element in cuisines all over the world. 
Adjunct. The garage is an adjunct to the house. 
Wasp. The various species of Wasps fall into 2 main categories. Solitary Wasps and social Wasps. 
Foment. 3 sailors were fomenting a mutiny on the ship. 
Stalk. Its stock is not strong enough to support its weight. 
Part-time I want to look for a part time job. 
Harbor. Harboring the killer is illegal. 
Irrigate. The irrigation system was built in 256 BCE to irrigate an enormous area of farmland. 
Communicate. They will use satellites to communicate with mountain climbers. 
Portion. Why do squirrels eat only a portion of each acorn they retrieve? 
Authority he's an authority on energy sources. 
Clinic in America patients have to make an appointment with doctors in the clinic first. 
Sanctuary. Hunters are forbidden from hunting in wildlife sanctuaries of this region. 
Linguist. Historical linguists study how languages evolve over time. 
Closet. He had closeted himself away in the room after failing the exam. 
Bookstore. I have to get a check cashed to pay my bookstore bill. 
Remind he'll drive more slowly. Only if you remind him. 
Candidate the crowd was overwhelmed by the candidates speech. 
Speculate. Although scientists can speculate about its nature, neither humans nor machines will ever be able to visit it. 
Abiding the old man has an abiding love for music and drama. 
Yield. His well begins to yield 20 barrels of crude oil a day. 
Continuity. Some experts argue that school vacations interrupt the continuity of the school year. 
Saturate the ocean, saturates the atmosphere with water.

