stress stress is often a factor in the development of long term sickness. 
Digest the sea cucumber has the ability to digest whatever nutrients are present. 
Pancreas. The pancreas is a storage depot for digestive enzymes. 
Gothic. It was famous for its use of Gothic decorative detail. 
Undergraduate. You might give a little more explanation about your unique undergraduate background. 
Conversation. I will have a long conversation with my mother to Morrow. 
Rust. Water had got in and rusted the engine. 
Testimony. The pyramids are an eloquent testimony to the ancient Egyptians engineering skills. 
Wick 
parish when a species is no longer adapted to a changed environment, it may perish. 
Nocturnal. Most mice are nocturnal, but the African grass mouse is active during daylight hours. 
Application. Many overseas applications for full scholarships are turned down every year in the US. 
Distant. Peace was just a distant hope. 
Polygon.
Arbitrary. In the US, some people argue that a ban on some types of guns is arbitrary. 
Membrane. Synthetic membranes can be fabricated from a large number of different materials. 
Essential. Calcium is essential for maintaining bones and teeth. 
Soothe. The music soothed the girl for a while. 
Robust. The bird has a large, robust bill. 
Venomous. The politician was accused of a venomous attack on his political opponents at the meeting. 
Chamber. The archaeologists found themselves in a vast underground chamber. 
Reversible. Scientists say most of the damage to the cells caused by poisonous chemicals is reversible. 
Sleek Edward fell in love with a beautiful girl with sleek black hair and big eyes. 
Copilot 
tactile the poor boy not only had auditory difficulties, but tactile ones. 
Variant. Some game players think this new game is just a variant of the previous famous game. 
Choppy the peaceful sea became choppy. Soon when the windstorm was coming. 
Solvent. The oil giant made many more efforts to scatter the industrial solvents for removing the oil from the polluted sea. 
viscous. Studies show that this newly found species in the tropical forest can create a kind of viscous substance. 
Yoke. You'd better separate the egg white from the yolk to feed your baby. 
Cavern. The underground cavern is found by accident, where boxes of treasure are hidden. 
Drench the expedition was caught in the heavy rain half way and got drenched. 
Landslide. The rescuers made great efforts to save the victims from the landslide. 
Contiguous. The two countries are contiguous with each other, but the tradition and religion are quite different. 
Moor. It was about half an hour's walk from Jim's house to the Moor. 
Crescent a Crescent moon hangs in the east and then swims into the dim clouds. 
missile the experts tried to find out the reason why the missile exploded. 
Shroud the languages spoken by early Europeans are still shrouded in mystery. 
Mound. There is a round mound among houses on which children can play. 
Creative. He's very creative. He writes poetry and paints. 
Eccentric. She began to dress only in white, a habit that added to her reputation as an eccentric. 
solo. After five years with the band, she decided to go solo. 
Conserve. We are trying to protect and conserve some of the open spaces on campus. 
Volume. Joyce's first publication was a volume of short fiction. 
Temperate. The early comparison of tropical and temperate butterflies richness has been well confirmed. 
Asset. Sometimes a sense of humor is a great asset. 
Cliff. The castle perched high on the cliffs above the river. 
Mess. The room was in a mess after the party. 
Neutral. His attitude toward the claims made by advocates of health foods is neutral. 
Abbreviate. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is usually abbreviated to JPL. 
Delight. Their basic aim is to delight and instruct the students. 
Plot. The novel is well organized in terms of plot. 
crustal in the end of June 2000, intense crustal activity took place in the area. 
Glow. Her face glowed with embarrassment. 
Upset the new policy is likely to upset a lot of people engaged in retail industry. 
Notate composers of western music used a system of notating their compositions so they could be performed by musicians. 
Pose. If this does pose a problem for you, you should contact me as soon as possible. 
Hurricane the storm surge and winds of hurricanes may be destructive to human made structures. 
Interact. The people in the office should interact with each other and with outside clients. 
Pore. He pored over the classified ads in search of a new job. 
Entertain. Movie attendance dropped when audience members chose to stay at home and be entertained. 
Granular. Many phenomena observed in granular materials are still not yet fully understood. 
Unique. He considers each photograph to be unique. 
bead. The Homestead Act of 1862 gave beads of families or individuals the right to own 160 acres of public land. 
Craftsmen. In the 15th century, Paris as the capital of arts attracted a vast number of craftsmen, architects and musicians. 
Grasp their hands and feet are designed for holding and grasping branches. 
Bias. Throughout the 19th century and into the 20th, citizens of the United States maintained a bias against big cities. 
Predict. Experts predict that the gourmet coffee market in the United States is growing. 
Triangle. They calculated the length of triangle sides. 
Outcome. We are waiting for the final outcome of the negotiations. 
Decorate. The stoneware is decorated with simple abstract designs. 
Unconsolidated. And unconsolidated aggregate of silt particles is also termed silt, whereas consolidated aggregate is called siltstone. 
Citadel. The place was once a citadel in the First World War. 
Pinpoint. Radar can help pinpoint the location of an object within its range. 
Hatch the young spiders hatch in mid spring or early summer. 
Approach. Our bus is approaching the town where we'll be stopping to eat. 
Fossil even scratches found on fossil human teeth, offer clues. 
Turnpike these Turnpike roads were still very slow and traveling on them was too costly for farmers. 
Detectable the noise is barely detectable by the human ear. 
Contrast. Because of these contrasts, popular may be viewed as clearly different from folk. 
Oasis there is a green Oasis in the heart of the city. 
Primary. The phases of the moon have served as primary divisions of time for thousands of years. aaaaaaaa
Gulf Do you know that 90% of the coast is eroding in the Gulf of Mexico? 
Pale. I think I'd really rather have some pale yellow paper for my correspondence. 
Image. The advertisements are intended to improve the company's image. 
Beneficial? A good diet is beneficial to health. 
Spherical. The Earth is a nearly spherical planet. 