File: 97r8y-8vdin.wav
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

已完成语音识别 
已完成语音识别 Word List 3. Dwarf. Cotton became the main American export, dwarfing all other products. Classic. The girl displayed the classic symptoms of depression. Muggie I was expecting another hot muggy day, but the winds cooled things off. Skyscraper skyscrapers became popular in this country during the 1990s. Compliment. The young man complimented her on her good table manners. Pest. The boy is being a real pest. Genius. They insisted that the Iliad and the Odyssey could have been the work of a single poetic genius. Repute the hotel was reputed to be the best in the country. Fawna the region's rich fauna, attracts frequent visits of large vertebrates such as whale sharks and dolphins. Healthful the old man lived to 84 years old with little illness, largely due to his healthful living habits. Sympathetic. He is sympathetic and understanding. Mortality mortality from lung cancer is still increasing. Wanna? Hey Larry, wanna meet a few of us for coffee in a little while? Predecessor. The 18th century houses showed great interior improvements over their predecessors. Scrub mom is scrubbing the floor in the kitchen. Check. A mass of foreign tourists cash checks at the big bank. Dive. The main purpose of my holiday to Greece was to go diving. Rough. Life in 19th century forts was very rough. Stain. The events had stained her reputation unfairly. Multiple. Glass can be decorated in multiple ways. Visual. Without Julia's photograph, no visual record of the work would exist. Rationality? The professor tells us use your rationality, not your experiences to deal with it. When you confront a problem like this. Tout. Passengers should avoid the many cabs that tout for business. Stubborn. The stubborn mayor finally agreed to have a dialogue with the strike workers. Outrage. Teachers responded with outrage, saying it was against the purpose of education. Intrigue. This intrigue has been going on for centuries. Canote the term third world very soon comes to connote poverty. Persistent. Be persistent and you will get the opportunity you desired. Secede. The country won't allow the state to secede from it and become an independent nation. Disquiet. I must say that bad news disquieted him a lot. Bowed. The figures nonetheless bode well for the future. Folkway the next day we visited the Folkway Museum of my hometown. Console. We tried to console her when her father died, but she didn't listen to us. Overrun his speech was boring and overran the time limit. Turmoil. He came back after three years of political turmoil. Amenable. All the citizens are amenable to the law. Interrelate? It is suggested by the study that crime and poverty are interrelated. Nude some nude scenes have been deleted from the movie. Redundant. You used too many redundant words in this passage. Inverse. A person's happiness is often in inverse proportion to his age. Rivive the economy is beginning to revive. Insulin insulin injection is used to control blood sugar in people who have type one diabetes. Explore. We'll explore through lecture and discussion what prominent political thinkers had to say about the topic. Cart the rubbish is then carted away for recycling. Pertinent the pertinent considerations that will be affected by each decision are listed. Mercy. Our pilots are at the mercy of the winds, so who knows where they'll drift off too. Rebellious. It is hard to control those rebellious teenagers. Barrel. We got through two barrels of beer. Transition. The transition to settled life also has a profound impact on the family. Leric Margaret wrote the lyrics for 21 children's records. Adorn. Children adorned themselves with beads. Questionnaire. The professor wants them to fill in a research questionnaire. Minority unfortunately, based on the general response, you and I are definitely in the minority. Entitle boost students by meal contracts which entitle them to 20 meals a week at any of the cafeterias. Renew. I'd like to renew these library books. Consistent. Now keep in mind that a theory of the moon's origin has to be consistent with two important facts. Quotation his quotation for repairing my car was too high. So called. How have those so-called improvements helped the local community? Magnitude. The star has a magnitude of two. Rectangle. My garage is in the shape of a rectangle. Telescope. I looked at the stars through a telescope. Lightning. Although Thunder and lightning are produced at the same time, light waves travel faster than sound waves do. You tensil during the Middle Ages, mind metal was scarce and expensive, therefore was rarely used in the manufacture of household utensils. Kennel when the dog escaped the bird went into the kennel and ate its food. Liquid. The energy is used to convert liquid water to water vapor. Remark. The customer agreed and after drinking it remarked how good it tasted. Principle. Coal became the principal source of electricity in the United States. Hide she couldn't hide her excitement. Spoil. The bad weather spoiled our camping trip which we had longed for. Internship? Why might the summer internship be a good opportunity for Janice? Polish. The statement was carefully polished and checked before release. Starch. There is too much starch in his diet. Assimilation? I felt confusion and fun during my assimilation into American culture. Detest. My sister detests rock music. Gigantic. Scientists speculate it might be a gigantic hurricane. Convention. Have you any idea who will attend the convention? Diagonal. He told me how to measure the length of the diagonal line of a square. Absenteeism. Johnson was fired because of his habitual absenteeism. Bacon. There is nothing I like better to get me started in the morning than a Big Breakfast. Eggs, bacon home fried potatoes. Silversmith only a few silversmiths were available in New York or Boston in the late 17th century, but in the 18th century they could be found in all major colonial cities. Sell. The cell is the functional basic unit of life. Digression. Although this might seem to be a digression, the professor is using an example to explain why plants that are grown in water must have gas bubbled through the water. Steak. He has a personal stake in the success of the movie. Pesticide. The aim of this study was to investigate the nature and extent of pesticide related illness. Conflict. All the other work schedules conflict with his classes. Accumulate. The glacier had formed as layer upon layer of snow accumulated year after year. It ternal they represent humans in an eternal struggle with the forces of nature. Sting I was stung on the face by a bee. Extinct. It is estimated that over 99% of all species that ever existed have become extinct. Respond. They don't respond to stress well. Sunset. Every evening at sunset, the little girl upstairs plays the piano. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

