Portable. He designed a portable camera. 
Disciple. Martin Luther King regarded himself as a real disciple of Gandhi. 
exhibit. She will exhibit her new paintings in a local art gallery. 
Rekindle nothing can rekindle the old singers fading passion. 
Meteor. Wind motion can be observed in the mesosphere by watching the trails of meteors passing through it.
Strap. This strap on my briefcase is broken. 
Urban. The urban population decreased rapidly. 
Deteriorate. Relations between the two countries deteriorated rapidly. 
Salamander.
Bond. For any adhesive to make a really strong bond. The surfaces to be glued must be absolutely clean and free from moisture or grease. 
Handy. I really need to keep the book handy just in case. 
Gauge. I was surprised to find that some workers didn't know how to read the rain gauge. 
Embryo. The plan as yet exists in embryo. 
Quadruple. The population of this country has quadrupled in the past decade. 
Integral. Martha developed a powerful expressive style that was integral to the foundations of modern dance. 
Urgent. The law is in urgent need of reform. 
Quotient. Henry got a big quotient of his mother's property. 
Annual. Earth Day has become an annual international event. 
Multiplicative. 
Studio. In educational studios, students learn to develop skills related to design. 
Geometric. The book mainly talks about the solutions to numerous geometric progressions. 
Minus. It is estimated that the temperature in this region is minus 40 degrees Celsius today. 
Ordinate. Students should know what ordinate stands for when answering this question. 
Numeric. Mary majored in English and she found it very difficult to understand the numeric data in the field of computers. 
Oblong. The plane was of oblong shape. 
Quantitative. The boss said quantitative differences didn't play a crucial role in the profit increase. 
Reciprocal. The two major countries have established an important reciprocal relationship since 1980. 
Tangent. Most of the students have difficulty in solving the problems related to tangent. 
Allot. The government has already made policies to allot the houses in that area. 
Boycott. The patriot called for all citizens to boycott foreign goods and support domestic ones. 
Compensation. Linda was fired last week, but the compensation is very reasonable. 
Ordinal. The English teacher asked three students to write the special ordinal numbers in English. 
Perimeter. Tom tried to work out how long the perimeter of his courtyard was. 
Triple. According to the recent data, our company's net profits tripled compared with last year. 
Curtail. The government decided to curtail its spending on education and agriculture. 
Deficit. The survey showed that most of the people complained about current trade deficit. 
Motto. The economist's motto was laisser faire at that time. 
Reject. It reflects poetic techniques that were rejected by modern poets. 
Tension. The expressive leaders are attempting to minimize the tension and conflict. 
Flame. The house was in flames. 
Vent. All along the vents there are these unusual microorganisms. 
Jog. Let's jog for another mile. 
Mimic people have always been fascinated by the parrot’s ability to mimic human speech. 
Laboratory. Training is critical to the safe operation of the laboratory facility. 
Criss-cross. The city is criss-crossed, with canals. 
Sour. The atmosphere in the room soured. 
Critique. We'll talk more about the requirements of the critique later in the semester. 
Viral. The cell begins to manufacture viral proteins rather than its own. 
Fault. Faults in the Earth's crust are most evident in sedimentary formations where they interrupt previously continuous layers. 
Schedule. The meeting is scheduled for Monday. 
Latter. This latter form is what is generally meant when one uses the term satellite city. 
Minimal. Are you aware that you can go to that school at a minimal cost? 
Refrigerate. ice was used to refrigerate the meat products. 
Fountain tourism is a fountain of wealth for this country.
Horizontal. There are two worm gears, one vertical and one horizontal. 
Appetite. I don't have an appetite. 
Perpendicular. it will take extreme courage to climb up the perpendicular mountain. 
Impressive. The destructive power of fungi is impressive. 
Generous. After the Civil War, politicians rarely opposed the government's generous support to business owners. 
Liberate. This energy is liberated at the center of the Sun. 
Completion. They do not need to carry each task to completion from start to finish. 
Synthesize. Vitamins are synthesized from foods. 
Inherent. Homing pigeons are not unique in this inherent skill. 
Disinterested. The teacher gave me some disinterested advice. 
Asthma. Now I want to answer a question. One of you asked me yesterday about asthma. 
Mania. The mania for architectural reconstruction had largely subsided by the 1950s and 1960s. 
Inspect. Experts suggest car owners should have their cars inspected regularly. 
Scorch the leaves will scorch if you water them in the sun. 
Aggregate. Marine mammals have the misfortune to be swimming aggregates of commodities that humans want. Fur, oil and meat. 
Cylinder. 
Impair. Without regular supplies of some hormones, our capacity to behave would be seriously impaired. 
Quality. Perhaps the most striking quality of satiric literature is its freshness and its originality of perspective. 
Bureau. 
Excavation. The excavations are open to the public. 
Spin. The plane was spinning out of control. 
Erode. Melting ice erodes the soil around it. 
Settle. The man has agreed to settle out of court. 
Virus. The virus replicates by attaching to a cell and injecting its new claig acid. 
State. The house is in a bad state of repair. 
Fahrenheit. The temperature of the sun is over 5000 degrees Fahrenheit at the surface. 
Creep. I crept up the stairs in case I woke up my roommates. 
Thorough. The investigation of Perry's expedition wasn't thorough. 
Spectrum. The representatives are constitutionally elected by a broad spectrum of the population. 
Overhaul. the citizens demanded an overhaul of the corrupt government. 
Innate. Most researchers assume that the ability to perform and encode the dance is innate. 
Picturesque. The place is remarkable for its picturesque scenery. 
