caption. If you don't understand the picture, take a look at its caption below. 
Prolong there is no drug to help prolong one's life. 
Detract. A little stain detracts from the value of the painting. 
Scourge Little Tommy was scourged by guilt. 
Aberrant. Any aberrant behavior was forbidden between men and women in the old days. 
Disperse. The wind dispersed the clouds, and the sun came out again. 
Compressible. You should use compressible packing materials. 
Ponder I have given you so much time to ponder and it's time for you to respond. 
Suspense. Don't keep us in suspense any longer or we are going to go crazy. 
Hesitant? It seems wrong because mother was not a hesitant person before. 
Immigrate the little boy, immigrated with his mother to England when he was two and he has never seen his father. 
Charismatic. His charismatic personality made him have a lot of friends. 
Arrogant. Maggie is so arrogant that no one wants to make friends with her. 
Instantaneous. I can't give you an instantaneous reply to this issue. 
Smear let's smear the paint with the brush on the wall. 
tenets The basic tenets of the Christian faith are from the Bible. 
Wretch. The Wretch who stole the purse didn't admit what he had done. 
Ruthless. Jack believes that to succeed in this world, he has to be ruthless. 
Cohabitation. With the development of social values, cohabitation is being accepted by many young people. 
Synonym synonyms are different words with almost identical or similar meanings. 
Proportion. Scientists have tried to quantify this proportion of the solar energy. 
Reddish. They often appear as a solid reddish mass when viewed from a ship or from the air. 
Construction. Because of the real risk of losing beaches, many geologists support a ban on all types of stabilizing construction on shorelines. 
Fellowship. I heard Joan was turned down for the graduate fellowship. 
Architect he was one of the principal architects of the Revolution. 
Band. Local people banded together to fight the drug dealers. 
Gemstone 
flu. I've got a typical flu. I'm usually miserable for a week and it ends up ruining my holidays. 
Thesis. Now that you've finished writing your thesis, do you think you will have time to sit back and take it easy? 
Clan. In history, Clan warfare was always followed by great loss in both population and money. 
Reflect. What an insulator does is reflect back the heat of burning fuel. 
Deserted. Downtown shopping areas became deserted after the war. 
Lobby. Sally is waiting for the man in the lobby. 
Probe. Hummingbirds have stiletto like bills to probe the deepest nectar bearing flowers. 
Thereby. Regular exercise strengthens the heart, thereby reducing the risk of heart attacks. 
Toed. Although they are quite slow in trees, 3 toed sloths are agile swimmers.
 Vigilance. The police cannot afford to relax their vigilance for a minute. 
Legislature. Senators are designated by their respective state legislatures rather than by the voters themselves. 
Gaseous. Like Jupiter, Saturn is a large gaseous planet. 
Artificial. Artificial flowers are used for scientific as well As for decorative purposes. 
Oxide. Even materials that are considered to be pure elements often contain a coating of oxides. 
Precise the definition is not precise. 
Debt. He died heavily in debt. 
Glean. Most of the methods he gleaned were of no practical use in our daily life. 
Rural. Composers often write the music in rural communities. 
Tally. The cowboy kept a tally book for keeping count of the cattle. 
Curl. Although these bats sleep during the day, they do so curled up with their heads exposed to the sun. 
Snack. Usually I only have a snack at lunch time. 
Pursue. Few predators fail to pursue such obviously vulnerable prey. 
Broadcast the school radio station broadcast free public service announcements. 
Angiosperm in the last class, we talked about the classification of trees and we ended up with the basic description of angiosperm. 
Cramped. This place is nice, but it seems pretty cramped. 
Shellfish shellfish always attach themselves to huge rocks. 
Postpone the meeting has been postponed until further notice. 
Trace the Anasazi family was matrilinear, that is descent was traced through the female. 
gnaw The dog was gnawing a bone. 
Petition. A petition signed by 3000 hospital doctors was handed to the Minister of Health. 
Arrange. Helped the man arrange his trip. 
Tribal. The girl married a tribal leader. 
Destination The travel agency will provide a variety of destinations and flight times for their customers. 
Reconstruction. 
Attach they attach themselves to the mother's leg. 
Seismic. Seismic social changes have occurred. 
Nonetheless. We are proud of our fathers achievement but nonetheless I sometimes find it useless. 
Designate. The founders stipulated that senators be designated by their respective state legislatures. 
Abstract. I really like those abstract paintings we saw in our history class to day. 
Barren. The farmer soil was overworked and barren. 
Sore my feet were sore after the walk. 
Familiarize. They don't familiarize themselves with the campus. 
Dragonfly. As a seasonal symbol in Japan, the dragonfly is associated with summer and early autumn. 
Descriptive. Descriptive statistics involve tabulating, depicting and describing collections of data. 
Setting. Setting can influence literary style. 
Multiply. Mosquitoes seemed to multiply quickly. 
Luxury goods that had once been luxury items became part of everyday life. 
bellows bellows are widely used in industrial and mechanical appliances. 
Accomplish. Human labour could still accomplish as much work as the first machines. 
Ripe. Is the fruit at the snack bar ripe? 
Detective. The detective solved a jewelry store robbery. 
Survive. The tailed toad may not survive without special efforts of conservationists. 
Merchandise. The Olympic merchandise plays a positive role in widely displaying the image of Olympic brands. 
Temper. An excellent movie can lessen the girl's temper. 
Devastate the flood. Devastated countless houses. 
Counterpart. These female writers, like most of their male counterparts, were amateur historians. 
Seal the oven was sealed shut until the bread was fully baked. 

