Permit. She is not permitted to live off campus this year. 
Addition. In addition to exercising regularly, eating a good breakfast is considered by many health experts to be a significant part of a successful way of reduction plan. 
Divorce. Nearly half of British marriages are likely to end in divorce, according to the bleak picture painted by a new statistical study. 
Category. The common broadleaf trees we have on campus fall into this category. 
Figurative. Before I go on to the biochemical specifics of how this works, let me provide a figurative example. 
Portrait. The writer gave a portrait of life at the French courts. 
Dioxide carbon dioxide is also generated as a byproduct of combustion. 
Methanol. The impurities are washed out with methanol. I think before this gas is sent on to reactors where it's changed into oil. 
amass. The shellfish amass around the rocks in the shallow water. 
Feasible. It is not feasible to build sea defences to protect against erosion. 
Pleasing. The arrangement of the furniture and facilities formed a pleasing atmosphere in the mall. 
Score the game was tied until John scored the winning point. 
Simply. This vertical movement of the fieldstone is not simply an artifact of soil erosion. 
Fertile. The soil near the forts is very fertile. 
Penmanship. Penmanship was often taught as a separate subject from the 1st grade. 
Imprecise. We have an old standard weight that we used to use. It had to be replaced because it was imprecise. 
Wispy objects in the universe show a variety of shapes, round planets, some with rings, tailed comets, wispy, cosmic gas and dust clouds. 
Susceptible wheat was susceptible to many parasites. 
Respect. In this respect, the North American migratory locusts resemble their African relatives. 
effluent dangerous effluent is poured into the river. 
Integrity. People greatly admired Washington's integrity. 
Thwart. The Rosetta Stone thwarted scholars efforts for several decades until the early 19th century. 
Zone. The city center was zoned for office development. 
Jar satire jars us out of complaisance into a pleasantly shocked realization that many of the values we unquestioningly accept are faults. 
Accordion. The size and weight of an accordion vary depending on its type, layout and playing range. 
Posthumous. He received a posthumous award for his life of philanthropy. 
Hamper. The development of a scientific approach to chemistry was hammered by several factors. 
Sodium. Sodium's relative rarity on land is due to its solubility in water. 
Centennial the country was celebrating the Centennial of Lincoln's birth. 
Responsible. Larry's roommate may be partly responsible for the problem. 
Series the incident sparked off a whole series of events that nobody had foreseen. 
Tendon. The tendons in the foot are highly complex and intricate. 
Maturity. The blue whale may grow to 100 feet and weigh 150 tons at maturity. 
Boulder a boulder is too large for a person to move. 
Careless. The police claimed that the serious traffic accident resulted from a careless driver. 
Voracious. The boy has a voracious appetite for facts. 
Clarify. He tries to clarify his position. 
Relay. The pop festival was relayed all round the world. 
molten any rock that has cooled and solidified from a molten state is an igneous rock.
Acute. It is urgent that the acute problem of air pollution in the city be solved. 
Lethargy. A surprise military attack roused the nation from its lethargy. 
Diverse the researcher observed babies and their mothers in six diverse cultures. 
Acclaim. These artists achieved widespread success and acclaim. 
Meteorite. As their name suggests, the iron meteorites consist almost entirely of metal. 
Consumption. All produce should be washed carefully before consumption. 
Shrub. Shrubs can be either deciduous or Evergreen. 
Orient many young people from Western countries are crazy about paintings from the Orient. 
Pinnacle. The professor spent more than 30 years to reach the pinnacle of his teaching career. 
Endless. The possibilities are endless. 
Frigid the frigid ground in the Far North, acts as a remarkable preservative for animal fossils. 
Fluid. There's some kind of fluid with a strong smell on the balcony floor. 
Crack. The Otter uses a stone to crack muscle shells. 
Tectonic. Tectonic studies are also important to understanding erosion patterns in geomorphology. 
Democrat. The Democrats are also very strong in major cities. 
Boon. The invention will prove a boon to the public. 
Photodissociation. The Sun split water vapor into hydrogen and oxygen during a process called photodissociation. 
Soprano. 
Format. Your presentation format your grammar, all that stuff they are looking at in your materials. At the same time. 
Expressive. My own belief is that all music has an expressive power, some more and some less. 
acidity  the acidity of our bodies is important. 
Focalize the director focalized the light on the leading man. 
Observatory. A group of students will pay a visit to the ancient observatory this week. 
Prospector the public showed great concern for the prospectors trapped in the coal pit. 
Rotational. The President is elected on a rotational basis in each of the United countries. 
Swampy you can find this kind of fierce animal on the swampy land all over the world. 
Troposphere? Rain and snow will fall in the troposphere, so planes can't fly on it. 
Wintry the famous painter is good at drawing a picture of wintry scenes. 
Buoyant. Ships should be made of buoyant material or it can't float on the water. 
Cement. The modern building is made of cement and steel rather than wood. 
Spatial. Scientists have studied the spatial distribution of population in this region for many years. 
Dynamical. The professor will give us a lecture on how the machine works with the dynamical system. 
Entity. As known to all, a corporation is considered as an entity in the law. 
Fusion. The movie is a fusion of several famous styles of arts. 
Hydraulic. The government are going to build a new hydraulic power station to supply the Western region with electricity. 
Condense eventually the water stored as vapor in the atmosphere will condense to liquid again. 
Allergy I have an allergy to animal hair. 
Variable. The weather has been variable the last three months. 
Evolution. In the 19th century, the theory of evolution put forward by Darwin was violently criticized by religious people. 
Representative. You've all been selected as representatives to plan the graduation ceremonies. 
Crystallize the solution begins to crystallize. Once it cools down at the low temperature. 
Gorgeous. What a gorgeous jacket. It must have cost a fortune. 
Angle. We should look at the issue from a new angle. 
Impose new regulations were imposed on non traditional education.

