Word list 12.
Yeast. 
Wreck the scandal wrecked. The politicians chances of being elected. 
Incinerate the waste is incinerated in a large furnace. 
Scope. This issue is outside the scope of the article. 
Intrude the sound of the telephone intruded into his dreams. 
Bronze she won a bronze in skiing. 
Topsoil the fieldstones remain in a frozen layer of topsoil. 
Acquaint she's well acquainted with the subject. 
Bake the cake was overbaked. 
Submerge. The rest of the peninsula was submerged. 
Emblem the Dove is an emblem of peace. 
Breed. Our dog is a rare breed. 
Tributary this stream is a tributary of the Yellow River. 
Sound. My father gave me some very sound advice. 
Malicious. That girl's reputation was ruined by the malicious gossip. 
Equal The pressure of the gases being breathed must equal the external pressure applied to the body. 
Inevitably. The focus of educators and of layman interested in education inevitably turned toward the lower grades. 
Pulp. Unsold copies of the magazine had to be pulped. 
Naked. The planet should be visible to the naked eye. 
Refrain. Refrain from using informal languages in your essay. 
Disclose many actresses are not willing to disclose their true Anges. 
Retract. I don't want to rush into any statements now in case I'll have to retract them later. 
Indolent the indolent girl, resisted doing her homework. 
Allure the beautiful beaches of Hawaii. Allure many tourists from all over the world. 
Widespread it is reported that child abuse is widespread in that country. 
Dissolute that young girl led a dissolute life. 
Interpret. It is difficult for babies to interpret emotions. 
Slacken we've been really busy, but things are starting to slacken off now. 
Biannual the committee holds biannual meetings in March and November. 
Prophet. The famous writer was also one of the early prophets of socialism. 
Mainstream. Its simple design made it become mainstream. 
Obligate? The contract obligates the firm to complete the work in six weeks. 
Rip you'd better rip the seal off the box first. 
Code. They are specially coated. 
Scoff. They all scoffed when I told them that I planned to become a writer. 
Oppressive. The air is stale and oppressive, and I feel it hard to breathe. 
Impede. Will working overtime impede you from choosing a job? 
endanger. You will endanger your health by eating such unhealthy food. 
Intermediate. This country is still at an intermediate stage of economic development. 
Scornful. He was scornful of anyone who disagreed with his political beliefs. 
Chip early settlers used to chip out blocks of ice to melt or drinking water. 
Embibe camels can imbibe over 100 litres in a few minutes. 
Prospect. In Nevada, Twain, prospected for sister and gold without much luck but did succeed as a writer. 
Mass. The sky was full of dark masses of clouds. 
Alkali. 
unearth. They did unearth the bones of a 45 foot long dinosaur. 
Suffragist in 1916 United States suffragist Alice Paul founded the National Women's Party dedicated to establishing equal rights for women. 
Amusement. She could not hide her amusement at the way he was dancing. 
Pharmacy. She's studying pharmacy at the university. 
Shallow. The beautifully preserved fossil fish lived in a vast shallow lake. 
Casual. Nowadays, more and more young students prefer casual clothes to school uniforms. 
Irresistible. I felt an irresistible urge to laugh. 
Sprawl the town sprawled along the side of the lake. 
Rival Ships cannot rival aircraft for speed. 
Monarch 
faint. Astronomers use sighting telescopes to study the motions of many of the faint stars. 
Criterion. What criteria are used for assessing a student's ability? 
Epidemic. The terrible epidemic killed most of the people it infected. 
Joint. They can cause severe pains, particularly around the joints. 
Convict. The jury convicted the man, and he was sentenced to 20 years in prison. 
Debris. Emergency teams are still clearing the debris from the plane crash. 
Permanent. Some of the baskets have been placed on permanent display at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 
Annex money and reputation are not always annexed to happy life. 
Draft. I've made a first draft of my speech for Friday, but it still needs a lot of work. 
Soccer. 
Prominent. Mercy Otis was born into a prominent family in Barnstable. 
Ore
accommodate. His house can accommodate a meeting of the entire committee.
Display. Her artwork is displayed in a museum. 
Refine they do their best to refine their interviewing techniques. 
Cumbersome. The company changed its cumbersome title to something easier to remember. 
Gentility many people think fine clothes are a mark of gentility. 
Stagecoach despoil the foreign soldiers despoiled the small town of all its treasures. 
Folklore. Nancy Ward, a Cherokee leader of the 1700s, became a legendary figure in Tennessee folklore. 
Glacial. A glacier maintains the same shape throughout the glacial process. 
Microscope. In the play, love and marriage are put under the microscope. 
Beat. They want to beat the speed record. 
Disorder. We have nothing to help us distinguish mental health from mental disorder. 
Spinet. 
Consume. How much of a day's total calorie should be consumed at breakfast? 
Besides I don't really want to go. Besides, it's too late now. 
Affect let's take a look at Perry's research and how it affects what modern scholars think about Homer. 
Libel. She claimed she had been libeled in an article the magazine had published. 
Ethnic. Massive waves of immigration brought new ethnic groups into the country. 
Fitness. You should convince us of your fitness for the task. 
LAX. The companies lacks attitude towards intellectual property violations has angered the professor. 
Evacuation. The radio mentioned possible evacuation routes. 
Quaint the museum displayed quaint advertisements from the 1920s.
 Pamphlet pamphlets are very useful, especially in areas where there is no easy access to newspapers and radio. 
Predominant. Dark Blue is the predominant color in the prince's room. 
Concentrate. The beats so strong that I can't concentrate on my work.
