Word list 18. 
Amble. We ambled down to the beach. 
Sharpen. I haven't gotten around to sharpening the knife yet. 
Dormancy. The huge volcano erupted after 20 years of dormancy. 
Urge. Do you think we should urge Bob to study Spanish? 
Viable bessemer's process for converting iron into steel made the material more commercially viable. 
Bland. This pizza tastes bland. There is not enough sauce. 
Contribute. I believe the social elements contributed to the development of bebop music. 
Trilogy. He was best known for his trilogy GNU, which was written between 1931 and 1940 and included three semi autobiographical novels. 
Embed some companies embedded wireless modules into laptops, making it easier to work. 
Auction. Auctions are another popular form of occasional trade. 
Feedback. I'm waiting for your feedback on the proposal I handed in last week. 
Chronicle. His achievements are chronicled in a new biography out this week. 
Sober. On sober reflection, I don't think I really need a car after all. 
Taboo in every culture. There are topics that are taboos to talk about. 
Prioritize. You should learn to prioritize your work when you are given several tasks at the same time. 
Empel inflation impels families to cut back on spending. 
Delinquency. Juvenile delinquency becomes a serious social problem in this region now. 
Entourage. The Prince and his entire entourage were allowed to go into the palace. 
Concur. Some people run after wealth in order to be happy, but wealth and happiness do not always concur. 
Ridicule. You can argue with reason, but not with ridicule. 
Mischievous. I remember Mark was pretty mischievous when he was a kid. 
Ensue if the fire wasn't put out, a disaster would ensue. 
Consensus. It seems we have reached a consensus. The commodity price must be controlled by the end of this month. 
Kindle. Our team tried to kindle the boss's interest with the new idea. 
Latteral on the Internet there is much misleading and erroneous information about lateral thinking.
Erradicate the campaign aims to eradicate illiteracy, which was also a part of basic education. 
Recede streets were overwhelmed by the flood, but fortunately the water began to recede. 
Operant. Operant conditioning has been widely applied in clinical settings as well as teaching. 
Aspire there are many students that aspire to be business leaders one day. 
Canoe. We will go canoeing this Sunday. 
Patron. The old man was the patron of many artists. 
Larynx. 
Novelty. There's no doubt that radio broadcasting was quite a novelty in those days. 
Ferment yogurt contains a higher percentage of lactic acid than other fermented milks. 
Severe. The parties suffered severe losses during the last election. 
Breeze. The flowers were gently swaying in the breeze. 
Potential. The agricultural potential of the area was enormous. If water for irrigation could be found. 
Anxious. Workers were a bit anxious about the safety of the machines bought abroad at first. 
Spinning 
fasten the lighthouses in the northeast are fastened to the surrounding rock. 
Playwright. As a playwright he wrote tragedies, comedies and historical plays. 
Contaminate they are so contaminated with lead that they shouldn't be used. 
Bycameral. 
Pigment. The company mainly produces organic pigment. 
Salmon. 
Major. At that time, Quebec was a major market for livestock crops and fish. 
Elegant. The glass objects of this style are elegant in outline. 
Stardom. He is being groomed for stardom. 
Carnivore wolves are classified as carnivores. 
Expedition. His initial expedition, which sailed in 1578 with a patent granted by Queen Elizabeth, was defeated by the Spanish. 
Metropolitan. While every metropolitan area has experienced some negative economic consequences from the Great Recession, not all areas have suffered equally. 
Wit. The game was a long battle of wits. 
Beverage. We don't sell any alcoholic beverages. 
Sediment. The sediments that rivers transport actually play quite an important role in shaping the environment, and even in our own lives. 
Marble the Minnesota State Capitol building, is made of white granite and marble. 
Frivolity. It was just a piece of harmless frivolity. 
Seclusion. He keeps himself in seclusion during his off hours. 
Edifice. The White House is the oldest public edifice in Washington DC. 
Constricted when an asthmatic suffers an attack, the airway path was constricted, making it difficult for the person from breathing normally. 
Sidewalk. It's so hot out to day you could fry an egg on the sidewalk. 
Absence. I know your course says no absence policy. 
Commerce. The leaders of industry and commerce attended the meeting. 
Tundra in the Arctic tundra. Ice fog may form under clear skies in winter. 
Bubble. When the bubble finally burst, thousands of people lost their jobs and became homeless. 
Abolition. During the 1850s, reform movements advocating temperance and the abolition of slavery gained strength in the United States. 
Reliable. The majority of companies are willing to look for employees who are reliable and hardworking. 
Perishable. Most organic materials are perishable. 
Warehouse. I've called a warehouse and they are shipping copies to us. We should have them Monday morning. 
Remotes. He's confused by the remote controls. 
Inception. From their inception, most rural neighborhoods in Colonial North America included at least one Carpenter, Joiner and Sawyer. 
Approximate the Greeks first calculated the approximate distance around the circumference of the earth. 
Mature. The best gardeners are very mature. 
Authentic. The novel is an authentic account of life in the desert. 
Meridian. Combustible. Burning would also stop when the combustible substance was emptied of all its phlogiston. 
Leap. A number of insects rely on leaping or jumping as a way of escaping from enemies. 
Malnutrition. Various diseases often follow malnutrition. 
Trash most people don't like to take the time to separate their trash. 
Cookout Tom will bring food for the Friday night. Cook out for everyone. 
Scruffy she looked a little scruffy. 
Threat. These ancient Woodlands are under threat from new road developments. 
Craft. It is wonderful to see this disappearing craft returned to popularity. 
Adverse the group of seven welcomed adverse criticism because it would help them to improve as artists. 
Layout. Municipal planners deal chiefly with the physical layout of communities. 
Cousin my cousin who is a geography teacher helped US plan our trip. 
Porcelain. The small shop around the corner sells various porcelain Ware. 
Solitary. She enjoys long, solitary walks. 
Trait. They share similar physical traits. 
Decimal. You should treat decimals as the whole number to solve the mathematical problem. 
Transit. The city encourages everyone to take full advantage of the public transit system.
 Germ some diseases are caused by germ carrying insects. 
Perfume. We stock a wide range of perfumes. 
Radius. The roads reached out to more than 80 satellite villages within a 60 kilometer radius.
Compress. Some geologists think that the Earth's interior contains a highly compressed ball of incandescent gas. 
Incongruity? We were struck by the incongruity of the situation. 
