Inform you should have informed me earlier. 
Sturdy. The small village has always maintained a sturdy independence. 
Momentous. Which university won chooses is a momentous decision for every student. 
enslave. The early settlers tried their best to enslave the local people. 
Frivolous. Tim is seen as a frivolous man because he often changes girlfriends. 
Contender. Peter is a strong contender for the gold medal of the 100 meter race. 
Indigenous pandas, which are widely loved by people, are indigenous to China. 
Artifice. Asking for a sick leave is just an artifice to avoid practicing the violin. 
Maze Ron and his friends are lost in the maze. 
Spellbind the old witch tried to spellbind the Princess, staying in the high tower. 
Counterfeit producing the counterfeit currency is illegal. 
Upsurge. There is always an upsurge in sales during Spring Festival holiday. 
Bequeath grandma bequeathed her granddaughter a box of books and drawings. 
Conceivable? It is hardly conceivable that the little boy should do such a thing. 
enunciate every actor is required to enunciate quite well. 
Prejudice. Pride and Prejudice is Lily's favorite novel.
Shred. The wedding veil was torn to shreds by the bride. 
Chivalrous. Mr. Black is famous for his chivalrous manner to women. 
Head the small investors, paid little heed to future land users. 
Betray. As an agent, although Tom is not on purpose, betraying the state secrets is not forgivable. 
Admire. I really admire your dedication. 
Haphazard I read these books in a haphazard way. 
Spearhead Britain was the spearhead of the industrial Revolution. 
Postulate. The teacher postulated that all of the students in his class would pass the final exam. 
Rainbow. In Greek mythology, the rainbow was considered to be a path made by a messenger between Earth and heaven. 
Humanitarian. They are calling for the release of the hostages on humanitarian grounds. 
Inactive. Although the states dominated economic activity during this. The federal government was not inactive. 
Block he should stop blocking the doorway. 
Recycle. Old buildings in many cities were recycled for modern use. 
Adobe. A well planned Adobe wall of the appropriate thickness is very effective at controlling inside temperature. 
Frost. The car windows had frosted over. 
Longitude. Each of the satellites is constantly sending out signals, and each signal contains important information that can be used to determine the longitude, latitude, and elevation at any point on the Earth's surface. 
Adequate. There is little evidence that people lacked adequate wild food resources. 
Kingdom. Many insects live in a colony in the Kingdom of animals. 
Intersection. There was no left turn at the last intersection. 
Religion. The law states that everyone has the right to practice their own religion. 
Surge. In June 1986, the glacier surged ahead as much as 47 feet a day. 
Discern. The weather data allows computers to discern the subtle atmospheric changes. 
Method. We should find out a new method to solve the problem. 
Intent. The man was charged with intent to kill. 
Maintain. Some consumers believe organic foods can maintain health. 
Acronym. Acronyms and initialisms are used most often to abbreviate names of organizations, and long or frequently referenced terms. 
Vegetation. They feed almost exclusively on dead vegetation. 
Possess. They possess detailed knowledge of the rules of jazz performers. 
Interplay. She combines cultural documentation with invention in an interplay of fact and fiction. 
Recurring. Some scientists believe one can control recurring bad dreams. 
Cascade water cascaded down the mountain side. 
Assembly. People in the country used to fight for freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. 
Investigate. The program will investigate how the brain functions and malfunctions. 
Mercantile beads can often be used to designate the degree of mercantile, technological, and cultural sophistication. 
Renovate. They have completely renovated the restaurant. 
Attractive. American children's books are almost always attractive and interesting to children. 
Postage. How much is the postage for a letter to Vancouver? 
Coexist. Different traditions coexist successfully side by side. 
Lasting the rise of industrialization brought widespread and lasting change to the United States Society. 
Foster. The sole purpose of the American Academy of Arts and Letters is to foster, assist, and sustain an interest in literature, music, and arts. 
Aloft. As the bell is ringing, the kids are immediately sent aloft to bed. 
Manifestation. What Watson did was to observe muscular habits because he viewed them as a manifestation of thinking. 
Date. We haven't set a date for the wedding yet. 
Surround. Nowadays we are constantly surrounded by news and information. 
Limestone. The solubility of limestone in water and weak acid solutions leads to karst landscapes. 
Exert the pressure exerted on the human body increases by an atmosphere for every 10 meters of depth in sea water. 
Converge. Small pieces of floating ice converge and form icebergs. 
Prerequisite. There is plenty of room, but there is a prerequisite. 
Squeeze. She felt as if every drop of emotion had been squeezed from her. 
Lengthen the daylight is lengthening as summer approaches. 
Atrophy. There are many diseases and conditions which cause muscular atrophy. 
Employ. For the past several years, many graduates have been employed as salesman or saleswomen. 
Coil. Mist coiled around the tops of the hills. 
Repel. The gravitational force makes stars repel each other rather than attract. 
Applicant. There are more than 1000 applicants for the job advertised on the newspaper. 
Gourd? Give me a gourd so I can bail. 
Concern. What concerns me most is our lack of preparation for the change. 
Mechanize mechanized farming required more capital and fewer laborers. 
Harmony. The piano is able to play both the melody and its accompanying harmony at the same time. 
Theoretical. They devoted a lot of time to theoretical problems. 
Ancestor. In some cultural contexts, some people seek Providence from their deceased ancestors. 
Huddle. People stand around in small huddles to shelter from the rain. 
Congenial political liberty was congenial to the development of art taste. 
Overlook we'll have our lunch in a garden restaurant overlooking a small park. 
Textile. The European textile industry increased its demand for American export products then. 
Ratio. The school has a very high teacher student ratio. 
Idll over 8% of the workforce is now idle. 
Execute. They drew up and executed a plan to reduce fuel consumption.
Reciprocity. It can be approached only when the agreement is based on the reciprocity. 
Shortage. In South Asia, the data indicate that food shortage remains a key issue, even where per capita food production has continued to rise along with population increase. 
Existence. People generally want portraits as evidence of their existence for future generations. 
Terminates. In America, a woman's decision to terminate the pregnancy is involved in human rights and moral problems. 
Influential. Who was the most influential watercolor painter in the mid 1800s? 
Standard. They are working hard to meet these standards. 
Reveal glass makers did not want to reveal the methods they used.
