Word list 15. 
Cooperation. There is an urgent need to strengthen international cooperation during the financial crisis. 
Ledge Macadoo's men were forced to blast when they ran into a ledge of rock. 
Analyze. Experts analyze spider webs using a computer program. 
Sufficient? It takes only 10 to 20 minutes of exposure to sunlight a day to ensure sufficient vitamin D production. 
Nest as many of you probably know, South Beach is an important nesting site for the green turtle. 
Revenue. The tourist attraction does not generate any revenue for the town. 
Demobilize the child soldiers in the country have been demobilized recently. 
Enrollment. School enrollments are currently falling. 
Statesman. 
Acustom. It took me a long time to accustom myself to the idea. 
Contour. Ground plans and contour maps of the Earth can be drawn from aerial photographs. 
Labyrinth in reality the Old castle itself is a labyrinth with dark corridors.
Irregular. He visited his grandparents at irregular intervals. 
Therapy. In the third era of nutritional history, vitamin therapy began to fall into disrepute. 
Artesian. Some geographers are interested in artesian spring. 
Gear. It must have several gears. 
Physician. The physician prescribed him some medicine. 
Conductivity. The nerve cells exhibit to a great degree, the phenomenon of conductivity. 
Duel, it has a dual function. 
Paleolithic. The Paleolithic age covered an immense time span, and during this. Major climactic changes occurred. 
Dupe they soon realized they had been duped. 
Campus. The campus was so great and I loved it. 
Polygamous. Although polygamy was criminalized by the leader, it is estimated that 3000 individuals continue to be involved in polygamous relationships in the area. 
Flick. Let me show you how to operate this machine. Put your clothes in and flick the switch and it's done. 
Universal. One explanation to why this kind of thing happened is the lack of universal health insurance. 
Assess testing students by examinations has been considered an effective way to assess students abilities. 
Officious you need to speak out and stop being pushed around by the officious sky. 
Prone. If you know the geography well, you must know. China has numerous quake prone areas. 
Afoul. Your act ran afoul of the law. 
Bewilder. Mike doesn't like parties, for he is bewildered by the noise and the crowd. 
Pinch. I'd like a cup of coffee with cream and just a pinch of sugar please. 
Malleable. When dropped on the floor, malleable glass would bend rather than shatter into bits. 
Interweave do as I told you and interweave these two pieces of cloth together. 
Lavish the grandparents. Lavish too much care on their only grandson. 
Prohibitive the cost of travelling to Fiji Island is prohibitive. 
Mesolithic the Mesolithic. Dates from the end of the last Ice Age, and was a period of rising temperatures and rising sea levels, caused by melting glaciers. 
Gamble. Dr carefully and don't gamble with your life. 
Understate. I can't understate the importance of being concerned about safety issues. 
Outweigh clearly the advantages of the plan outweigh the disadvantages? 
Sterile. He felt creatively and emotionally sterile. 
Component. Community service is an important component of education here at our university. 
Ammonia Ammonia is a colorless gas with a strong smell. 
Photosynthesis. Photosynthesis in plants and a few bacteria is responsible for feeding nearly all life on Earth. 
Mar you have to pay extra attention to the mistake because it would mar your career. 
Consist ancient Greek philosophers. Thought the earth consisted of five elements. 
Flair. She has a flair for languages. 
Selective. I wouldn't mind going to that university. It has an excellent reputation for commercial art, but I have a feeling that it's very selective. 
Pin. She pinned the badge onto her jacket. 
Concrete. It is easier to think in concrete terms rather than in the abstract. 
Battery. The calculator needs a new battery. 
Painstaking panel painting involved a painstaking, laborious process. 
Continuation. Which topic will most probably be included in the continuation of today's lecture? 
Humanity. The soldiers devote their lives to unselfish service of humanity.
Access. Finding a water route across the continent was to gain easy access to the gold and other riches of the northwest. 
Shade. These plants don't like the direct sunlight and a little shade could help them immensely. 
Manual. I am good at manual tasks, but I don't do math well. 
Bush. There is an abundance of wildlife in the bushes such as snakes and mushrooms. 
Hardware. Relatively little hardware was used during this. 
Proprietor my uncle is the proprietor of a chain of supermarkets. 
Terrestrial. The highest terrestrial mountain is Mount Everest. 
Flask. The shop sells all sorts of vacuum flasks. 
Crawl. I'm so out of shape. I might have to crawl the rest of the way. 
Locomotive. In the 19th century, North American locomotives ran on hardwood fuel. 
Pound. After drying the fish, the women pounded some of them into fish meal. 
Cereal. The most healthful cereals are made with whole grains and not much else. 
Lunar. 
Precipitate. Water dissolves, transports and precipitates many chemical compounds.
Manufacture. Those companies rely on high accuracy scales to manufacture and package medicine. 
Seismograph? The modern seismograph was invented in the late 1800s. 
Concise. Worksheets were required defining the problem in a clear and concise way. 
Prey. Some human hunters prey on animals of all ages, but grey wolves concentrate their efforts on young animals. 
Fluctuate. The temperature often fluctuates dramatically. 
Adaptable. The twins are always adaptable to fit new conditions. 
Sodder this guide explains how you can solder a variety of components using a few different techniques. 
Outstanding. If you are interested in gymnastics, the university has an outstanding team. 
Cargo the tanker began to spill its cargo of oil. 
Administer Professor Andrews has agreed to administer the exam. 
Inferior. These painters sometimes produce inferior wares. 
Quiescent it is unlikely that such an extremist organization will remain quiescent for long. 
Coherent. Ethics is the branch of philosophy that deals with the values of life in a coherent, systematic and scientific manner. 
Removal. The field of sanitary science is concerned with waste removal, water purification, and so on. 
Insufficient. Funds for research were insufficient. 
Tenement. The tenements lacked both running water and central heating. 
Impermeable the objects are covered with impermeable decorative coatings of glass like material. 
Astronomy. The ancient Egyptians had a limited knowledge of astronomy. 
Temple he had black hair graying at the temples. 
Intrusion. They claimed the noise from the new airport is an intrusion on their lives. 
Spectator. Horse Racing is a leading spectator sport in many countries.

