 Wordlist 13 
systematic. While Edison's approach to invention was often cut and try, it was highly systematic. 
Client. Social workers must always consider the best interests of their clients. 
Dye. I want to dye my hair blonde. 
Turtle. 
Finance. The troop is financed by the elders. 
Supervise. The National Academy of Design for the painters supervised the incorporation of new artistic techniques. 
Tariff. The regulations keep tariffs high. 
Copius scientists support the theory of relativity with copious evidence. 
Exposure. Vaccines for some rare diseases are given only to persons who risk exposure to the diseases. 
Substance. The moon isn't much like the Earth in terms of substance. 
Neoclassical? The neoclassical sculptors seldom held a mallet or chisel in their own hands. 
Array. Glasses of all shapes and sizes were arrayed on the shelves. 
Counselor. She worked as a marriage guidance counselor. 
Sanction. Based on previous experience, the government will not sanction such a bill. 
Enhance. Many poets enhance their work by creating a contrast between realism and symbolism in a given poem.
 Overact we must overact our part in some measure in order to produce any effect. 
Append I append a list of those organizations from which you can get useful information. 
Chilly. I feel chilly. I may be catching a cold. 
Retrospect. But in retrospect, what Jack has said might have a point. 
Havoc. This new rule is causing havoc in the office. 
Apprehend. I cannot apprehend the underlying meaning of this sentence. 
Sacrifice. The official says people don't have to sacrifice the environment to promote economic growth. 
Evacuate. You'd better prepare a family emergency kit in case you need to evacuate the house. 
Bilingualism however in some communities bilingualism may be viewed negatively. 
Tentative. The manager attempted a tentative reform last month, but it didn't succeed. 
Zest. All staff took part in the company's annual party with zest. 
Agonize? There is no reason to agonize over something that has already happened. 
Etiquette? Etiquette is considered the most important aspect in business between the two companies. 
Disinterest. Some Children Act naughty in order to attract the parents attention and change their disinterest. 
Stipulate this company stipulates that all of its employees work 8 hours a day, five days a week. 
Oratorio 
adamant Mary was adamant that she would not come. 
Discredit such behaviour will discredit you among your boss and colleagues. 
Morgue the police went to the morgue and examined the body. But they didn't find anything suspicious. 
Democracy. We always stick to the principles of democracy and serve the public. 
Coral 
pheromone. Pheromones play numerous roles in the activities of insects. 
Ornament? The ornaments on the Christmas tree shined and sparkled. 
Deport. Even if they didn't put him in jail, they would possibly deport him. 
Outgas. 
Chaste they lived a chaste life. 
Tract. Despite the intent of the law, speculators often manage to obtain large tracts. 
Cipher. The Army uses a special cipher so that military messages are kept secret. 
Soloist. After the concert, all those people were crowding around the back stage to see Jackson and the soloist. 
Purity. The purity of the water is tested regularly. 
Notwithstanding. The team played on, notwithstanding the rain. 
Seem. Do whatever seems best to you. 
Protagonist. He is a leading protagonist of the conservation movement. 
Recruit. The Argentine ants can quickly recruit a huge army from their network of nests. 
Supplant. Within a short time, the trading company had supplanted the individual promoter of colonization.
Prolonged poverty is increasing as prolonged drought is destroying ways to make a living in the country. 
Bet. He bet $3000 on the final score of the game. 
Physical. The ordeal has affected both her mental and physical health. 
Incursion. The enemy troops have made an incursion into the country. 
Metric. The woman could use his metric ruler. 
Transplant. The farmers gathered the baby oysters and transplanted them in waters to speed up their growth. 
Fresco.  A 19th century fresco was damaged beyond repair. 
Mission. The homing pigeon can be trained to carry out the missions that people demand. 
Expansion. The graph on the wall shows the expansion of international business in the company. 
Spray. An insulating material was sprayed on the engine parts. 
Tectonics. The theory of plate tectonics was developed in the 1960s. 
Assign. That novel she assigned us is so boring. 
Swell. The group of onlookers soon swelled to a crowd. 
Outlying. In the nearby town, at least 2000 people are trapped under the debris and huge rocks have buried roads to outlying villages. 
Blink. When I told her the news, she didn't even blink. 
Dialect. The novel was written in Woo dialect. 
Shortly. He caught a cold shortly after the tournament. 
Applaud. The audience stood up and applauded. 
larva. These eggs develop into larva, which can swim freely. 
Monastery. The monastery is open to the general public. 
Bluff. It was just a game of bluff. 
Facet. Now we should look at another facet of the problem. 
Primal. The Sun is far less radiant today than the primal sun. 
Accomplishment. It was one of the president's greatest accomplishments. 
Longevity. A balanced diet, enough sleep as well as a positive attitude towards everything contribute to longevity. 
Revolt. The Imagists revolted against earlier poets. Emphasis on the classics. 
Subsistence. Subsistence is impossible in such extreme conditions. 
Ceremonial. The visit was conducted with ceremonial pride. 
Seasoning. The fruit of this kind of plant can be used for seasoning, such as in chilly powders. 
Abreast. Edison kept abreast of recent scientific	 developments. 
Pioneer local music store owners pioneered their own recording industry. 
Division. All meteorites are assigned to three broad divisions on the basis of two kinds of material. 
Horn 
fix. The prices are fixed until the end of the year. 
Ecological. By enhancing this natural response in plants, researchers might reduce some day, even eliminate the need for chemical pesticide which can cause ecological damage. 
Label other chimpanzees have learned to use numerals to label quantities of items and do simple sums. 
Displace. Many feared that radio would displace the newspaper industry altogether. 
Appropriate. The United States Congress appropriates some $4 million a year for the upkeep of the White House. 
Scientific. This morning I want to tell you about a recent scientific discovery dealing with the relation between plants and animals. 
Wear I'm thinking about wearing a suit to the party to night. 


